Even the battery on S10e can hold longer than XS Max.... Whaddup?
does it have dex
Processor ?
Id get the s10 or s10+ if they were available on boost mobile
In my country the s10e is 500dolar😂
750 bucks I think that anybody and I mean anybody that would give more than $300 for a phone  is nothing more than a damned idiot and nothing more than cash cows for the phone companies
1:14 "Flagships are like $900,000" I think you were ment to say $900
The "e" stands for essentials @MKBHD
is that a toothless the dragon from how to train your dragon hoodie
I've figured out why I don't like MKBHD. He has this low key god-maker arrogance. He has been so spoiled with the access he has to products that he shrugs off a $750 technological marvel and says, "eh, why not?"
love this phone it's so cute 😻
I hope I can get it
e stands for economy?
wallpaper
who here is in love with baymax?
Dope wallpaper 👌👌👌👌
I bought this last week, very happy with it
Is this guy from New Jersey??
That big hero 6 wallpaper fits so well for the hole punch camera
E could be for elite
Holy shit I am getting it for the wallpaper!
That is the smartest wallpaper lmao
that wallpaper is dope
Have*
I had e that exact phone
Economy for the E
Ever since the S10 in as 10IE came out all of the galaxys are to have gotten a software update What when I got mine everything looks like it's on the S10 and it's so weird
s10e is not recommended for its battery. it's fine if you just using it for social media and camera, but if you are gamer. its battery sucks af, just buy s10 or s10+
E=Excellent
I am left- handed. How ergonomic is that fingerprint sensor for a person who picks up the phone with their left hand?
I pay 700$ for a phone that must be cheaper

I miss the days were flagships were cost 700$ nothing more
why the fuck Samsung did not make s10e with smaller size if they already had normal s10 with bigger size. it should have been 5" screen so that they can make a smaller body otherwise if someone needs bigger phone he/she could go for galaxy note or normal s10. it's a bloody shame. We need smaller phone with flashship specs.
Finally an s10 for us *Broke* people
I’m getting one tomorrow and I’m wayyyy too exited man!!!
Im about to get this
1. I like how the lens is just a circle
Very creative wallpaper on the thumbnail😊.
The e stands for "eh, why not?
Thanks for mentioning the size. I have a Droid turbo 2 which is nearly identical in size to this Samsung. A good fit for my hands and pocket. Kind of disappointed in the screen resolution as my DT2 beats it but the Samsung phone is leagues ahead in aesthetics. More screen real estate too. 
Might look at the Note 10 and hopefully they come out with a smaller version.
We can all agree this phone is worth the money.... Sub 2 pdp
ouh thees shots boy!!
This guy shats on Samsung brand. Biased review.
I got some hands on experience with the S10 series and I thought the plus was too big, I really liked the S10 as it was a similar size to my s8 just with a bigger screen. Overall I think the s10e would have been the one I would buy. But I'm still not planning out needing an upgrade.
S10efficient
Do those phones have screan recorders?
Oooh. Somebody needs to buy me one of those
Is s10e worth the upgrade from a s9 plus?
I'd rather buy a new AK
I'm buying this after 5 years.
Brand new $1300 phone isn't able to connect to my AVH-W4400NEX  with android auto WIRELESSLY... 



I think its fine time Samsung stop putting premium price tags on outdated software. If you're going to charge this much for a phone I shouldn't be limited by what I can do due to software limitations. Other cheaper phones are able to do this. Why can't Samsung flagship devices do this too?
Does this one still has the heart beat sensor?
why the screen is half size
They sell the iPhone 8 for the price of Galaxy S10e in my country, such a shame people still buy Apple's overpriced products.
Getting this phone in the summer
Nice
one word

expensive
Wish I could at least buy this....
Those childish looking icons though 😂😂
S10 exclusive?
I feel s10e screen is not optimized yet..it is little bit blurry compare to my old s6.
Anyone else happy samsung released a flat screened phone so we can have good screen protectors back?
Anyone else have an s10e and feel good about their phone or better about it now lol
The "E" stands for "essentials." It's because the S10e still has all the essentials to be considered a flagship. 😃
samsung copying apple? ain't surprised...
Who’s watching this on a xr
I am going to buy a phone and I have short listed in between S10e and one plus 6t. 
But, I always do browse social media like YouTube, messenger and also do some gaming. So, I need a good battery life though. 
Can anyone please help out which should I choose?? And which will be better for my daily use??
Markass brownlee
I need a new phone, so what's a good phone on Verizon
@ Marques brownlee u dont deserve to be a reviewer , i bought samsung after u declared note 9 the top 1st phone  and from the first day it is very depressing for me , the cheap looking interface , game has very cheap graphics level the mobile  data performance  is not good as compared to ios . U piece of shit when u dont know shit stop posting videos and telling them what is right and wrong . I regret leaving my 4 yrs old 5s and switching to s10 plus i would have gone for xr . It has fucking great performance . The graphics are very shard with every detail  , Guys if u dont believe me install pubg on any premium  android phone whichever u want and install it on any iphone with A12 bionic chip and be the judge . U will know  for yourself how android is very lazy on giving good quality software . I beleive iphone 6s plus does better job in pubg . My main concern 
1. Mobile data is slow as compared to ios 
2. Graphics are cheap on android as compared ios 
3. The UI looks cheap whichever android phone u buy ,they all look same . 
4.The s10 plus camera  do not have  original colors as compared ios .iphone xs 
Photos look average because it captures original colors and as a photographer i  prefer originality in my pics 
5. The battery backup of ios is crazy awesome as compared to s10 plus . 
6. S10 plus heats up on charging and playing games ,while iphone xr dont give a shit about heating ,it stays sooo cool even after hours of gaming i dont know how but yes it is my experience .
7  i have xr and s10 plus beleive me feels good to keep s10 plus in hand but when it comes to overall experinece as a while mibole phone samsung was shit ,is shit .will always be shit . 
U cant just buy a phone for looks or notch .
Sometimes i just want to throw it away .
I love the idea of this phone and probably the first android I’d consider getting but I still prefer my XS Max lol
S10e 128gb is $650 in my country. Xr 64gb is $860
I went and got these phones (2) and a tab A on a sweet deal. Dont let this phone fool you. The price I got is equal to one high end Samsung phone. I am coming from a Samsung s7 edge which I thought that phone was super.

This display and the smart features make my experience great. Dont need to buy 1 expensive phone.
Call it what it is: $700 flagships. The whole “premium midrange”, “budget highrange flagship” naming in categories is bullshit. Put the price in the name of the category nobody cares about whether or not you bought the brand new “premium midrange flagship” you bought a $700 phone
Semi-flagship
ive always had a note with Samsung and this year I bought the s10 all the way up from the note 3 and I don't know if I miss the big screen!!
that pink is sick I would rock the pink
Keep up the good videos Mr Brownlee
How would it be compared to the regular s10?
If you care about sound quality  listening to music like MP3 or any kind of music file. Be aware it's not good. Audio quality  is atrocious. I switched from the LG V30+ to the S10e. I regret it. Battery is smaller.  Also what these reviews are not telling you is connectivity issues with LTE. Also battery drain on sleep  mode which shouldn't happen. Went from 98% at night, by morning it was at 64% without being touched. There are a lot of bugs they are not telling you about.  Be aware before purchasing. They rushed the release. These guys who reviewed this phone are getting paid to avoid the issues. They don't know if it's hardware or software. A lot of updates. So far I've had 3 in 12 days.
9+ vs 10e what's your opinion on that?
Very nice review keep up the good work
The "e" stands for"essential".
*clap* MEME *clap* REVIEW. MKBHD confirmed to host Meme Review!
Samsung's products are very good in appearance and quality!👍👍👍
from Yuanlin City, Taiwan
Am I the only one who misses the smaller screen sizes?? If I have to chose a new phone I would go for the smaller screen.
I love that this phone isn't that big
we all should get a pocofone
Is it worth it to go from Samsung galaxy s9 to the s10e bc I’m considering it but should I just get the s10? I need to save money...
So basically Samsung galaxy s4 with bigger screen k
Unlocking your phone through your screen your like



Yeah.....i can do that!
This phone is so beautiful 😍
0:57 I see you, Kendrick Lamar...
this phone would be perfect even at 1000 dollars IF the oled was curved to avoid the chin. Seriously, I love the flat screen and the thin side bezels, and the small size. Just add the third camera and fold the oled, and thats an insta buy instead of the s10.
iphone se version for a Samsung
Ive been using iPhone since then BUT I’m switching to Samsung s10e because of its camera. Why does it look better on Samsung compared to iphone when taking selfie?
In my country the pricetag is 1033 USD for the S10e and 220 USD for the buds. I got them on a bundle for 780 bucks pre-ordered. such a Sweet deal and I am loving it. + I get to sell my old iphone for about 300 USD to cover the payment.
S10e and Iphone XR are my fav. But couldn't get it dang it.😶😑🙄😏😂 Their size is just per-fect😃
budget flagship
I just got my Galaxy S10 and have a quick question I hope you can help me with. When using it for phone calls, I keep accidentally pressing buttons with my cheek/ear...on my old Galaxy, the screen went dark when held next to your head during a phone call and never had this problem.  I can't find any setting to remedy this, any advice/help?
I peeped that Kendrick Be humble style angle switches very dope!!!!
What wallpaper very smart
Hello, I’m Beimax
Bro please do a review on Samsung galaxy A50 please very much needed review please 🤝
The "better" context is in-relevant. in this case the important thing is the size.
Nice use of Mia! I want to see more of her in the videos! <3
Is it normal for the S10e to be slightly hotter compared to other phones  under daily conditions ?
Love the time with Nokia N73 

Now a days phone companies are just swallowing our hard earn money just like water
Bought the s10e yesterday and I'm loving it, didn't need the in display scanner, telephoto camera or bigger size. If you're coming from a regular s9 it's a good upgrade because of the extra ram.
We should call the foldable phones, steamships
Waiting for a similar Xiaomi release. Way too expensive but I like where Samsung is going.
Just wanted to say your audio has been sounding a little bass heavy? Maybe I dont know what im talking about but there you go.
It would take me 12 months to buy tis phone
Perfect size! I have honor 8 now. Want same size but big screen. Finaly a new one but not too big size 😀😀😀👍👍👍
Hey Mr Brownlee,

Can you please talk to your Apple and Samsung reps and explain to them that for a good portion of us, that we’d pay MORE for a smaller phone.... we tolerate getting the flagship because we have no choice.

I would pay $1000 for an iPhone SE 3, an iPhone XR mini or a Galaxy S10e mini
Sounded like you said "$900,000" lmao
Semi Flagship
Maybe I am not the first one to share this but the "e" stands for "essential"...
That wallpaper tho
4:28 - You said Xs, is that the Xs Max? The size difference doesn't look right. Or is it the Xr you're comparing it to?
3:47 GODDAMN 😍  
The amalgamation of the solid red background and the extras at the side with the Baymax wallpaper!
You can use Bender & Chappie wallpaper for the s10 😆
The S10e is a super nice phone, and I had the hardest time deciding between it and the S10+. I chose the S10 plus because I love having more screen real estate and because of the bigger battery. But I'm thinking of getting the S10e for my girlfriend. She doesn't know it, I'll have to check her preferences. Her Nexus 5 is getting old, but I think she enjoys the size of it. A bigger display for a similarly sized device sounds like a great trade-off to me.
Can u make a review of 2k10 'A' series phones
How about flagrange😂
iPhone will never take me!!!
*thats hot*
love u marqqq
Like the flagships are like $900.000
Went from the iPhone 6s to the galaxy s10e and I couldn't be happier! I almost got the iPhone XR and I'm glad I went with this one
Hi Marques, I really enjoy all your videos, kudos for you. I live in  Puerto Rico and I recently got the S10+ however my phone is showing the 5G signal icon on the status bar even that the unit is not 5G capable, it really got my attention. Do you know  maybe how can this be  possible? Regards.
E = Economical?
This device still isn't even close to the performance of the iphone Xr. Thats about the only thing besides security that the iphone Xr has on the galaxy S10e
I got my S10e on launch day. I love it. I upgraded from the S7 edge. I also got a half off deal throughout my carrier, so I paid less than $400 for it. It's a great phone, and having the fingerprint reader on the side is really nice, it's a feature that I actually prefer vs. the reader on the screen.
Clicked only for wallpaper
Hey at least you get a Fortnite skin...😂
"E" for Everyone ;)
In my opinion it's the best of the three, due to not having that silly curved screen edges, which allows a full protection case all around the screen (not just half way around".  When you crack your "edge" screen, you'll see what I mean.  :D
Size if perfect too, hate those humongous sized ones, easier to access the full screen with one hand only, oh and it's a great bang for the buck.
e is for Economical!!!
I see you showing off that new MIA.
I'll stick with my S9 which was cheaper than the 10e, has a better display, and I like the fingerprint reader where it is on the S9.
Screw all the tech companies for switching from a capacitive touch sensor to an In-display fingerprint sensor!!! Why? Doesn't the back have enough space for a bezeless phone??!
Is there heart rate sensor
The only person reviewing a cellphone i trust thank you for always dropping quality content
how about calling it 'less of a rip but still a big rip to charge $750usd for a phone'.
It's sure not a flagship.. then lets call'em: dreadnoughts. :p
I'm getting this on Wednesday. I can't wait. I refuse to pay 1 K for a phone.
I think comparison should go against iPhone XS. Apart from pixel density 438 to 458, in most other areas S10e seems superior at almost -350€/$
Apple fan boy with a Xs Max here to collect my L. Samsung with a Big W
fuck my s9+
Mark ass brownie
Please, have a review with Galaxy A50. Just waiting from you side.
Marques: like the flagships are like 9 hundred thousand dollars 1:13
Me: rewinds video 3 times to make sure I'm not going mad 
Also me: I need to take a nap!
$700+ is too much for a phone! Dollar inflation is getting way out of hand!
just went from 60 to 50 a month, and got a free A8
What would you guys go for? S9+ or S10e? They're both going for the same price where i live.
Abbreviated reply is Re: 
iPhone XR
Galaxy S10e

iPhone R
Galaxy e

R+e:re

Samsung’s response to the XR. There’s the namesake
for left handed people the fingerprint scanner is on the wrong side.
Because it's an overpriced lemon? Especially in yellow Haha.  Revenge of the Samsung pink white screens again too.
It's a budget flagship
How do you get that wallpaper
iOS worth 100$more than Android, xr is better if the price is the same
iPhone sheep be talking about S10 asymmetrical chin while using a phone with a gigantic notch smh.
Was thinking about getting the Pixel 3 as want a smaller phone.But need A dual sim phone.This may have to replace my OP 5T.
That 0:57 continues shot at the phone ... AMAZING !! I really like that you are improving in every aspect. Keep it up bro !
Saw the whole S10 family in a shop yesterday, and even though I am not a Samsung fan, they do all look great. Good build quality, class leading displays, and great color options. I would personally avoid models with the curved display, because it doesnt do anything good for daily use
"entry level flagship"
Great video markass
I like what Samsung did with the front cameras compared to the Apple notches.
Wish to have this one...♥️♥️♥️
I have Galaxy S10e
$300 is premium midrange, $750 is ultra high-end, $900+ is insanity.
Not watching this on my s10e 😎😎
I just can't live without a front fingerprint scanner, it's so much more convenient if you want to unlock the phone if it's lying on a table.
i just came from your first video ever....  holy moly
Never been a huge Samsung fan, but the S10e is seriously an impressive phone.
Not gonna lie that wallpaper is clever
Soooo...can you download fortnite on it?
My s10e is overheating
8gb ram on a phone?
why?for what kinda use u need 8 gb???
Why is there thumbs down on this? Makes no sense!
Playing pubg is ideal in this 😍😍😍
S10eeeeeeeeeeeee😍
Those camera movement is lit
You always talk about buying the phones. So is it just us plebs that get phones on contract then?
Nice phone 👍
He calls Apple “the ecosystem”? What does that mean?
Bought S10e a couple of days back! This device  is having heating up  issue... sply on the left side of the device
Just bought the S10e, as per your review, AND I love it! Traded my old phone samsung gave me credit. Great phone!
I just bought this phone today coming from the galaxy s5, and it's undoubtedly the best phone I've ever had...
Does anyone have any idea about the black dot next to rear flash in S10e ? 🤔🤔
The thumbnail made me do it.
How do you unlock if you’re left handed? 

What a pain. They obviously didn’t think this through.
The fingerprint sensor isn't in a good spot for us lefties, otherwise I think this is a fantastic phone for the money.
Why don't they OMIT the front camera? I don't know anyone who uses that thing? It's just for Americans, no one else cares about fucking selfies
$750 - flagship
> $750 - highway robbery.

There you go, as far as naming schemes are concerned.
my lenovo k4 note screen is wide as the S10+, today even you have good money you cant get a good phone
That wall paper is dope the other eye for that fat blood bot is the camera
Hey qq s10e or pixel 3 assuming both of them are coming at the same rate ?
so, ive got a s7 edge, broken, should i get it repaired or buy a budget phone of that price ?
only idiots keep buying phones at these prices srsly not worth it
U probably already know this, but there pixel has the same notification scroll down with finger print sensor thing
Bring back the versus videos between two phones that you use to make
The XR is a rip off compared to this and I say that as an iPhone user. This is a really nice phone for possible switchers.
That pink is dope
Great review! I couldn't figure what one to get. I am now getting the s10e. Thanks Marques
Waht is the difference between Dynamic Amoled and sAMOLED???😊😊
do me a favour lets play holi😂😂😂😅😅
IF ONLY MARQUES BROWNLEE CAN SEE THIS AND GIFT ME S10e! ❤️😭
Or you need a bigger screen. Dude
Hi markass
The notification feature pull down was on the s9+, but I'm sure you already knew that.
Samsung Galaxy S10 Essential
The flagships are like $9.....00,000
This is one of my favorite phones.
Wish I had enough.
Still on that iPod :)
Parents said they would pay for cell service if I save enough for a phone.
This has my eye and I have about $700 now but I’d prefer to build a gaming PC instead of getting a phone.
Maybe someday.
Pretty sure the "e" might stand for economy, which kinda just shows you how ridiculously expensive phones have gotten.
I just want this phone because it's flat! Not a a fan of my s8 and curved screens
If it wasn't for the battery I'd get one.
Markass
I bought the s10e because of the flat display. I personally dislike curved screens.
Didn't realize the finger print ID lags on some devices.  I use an LG V35.  Finger print, camera, video, personalization etc are all on point.  Samsung, Apple, Google bow down to LG.
Its the reacher segment of phones one can say... like apple did with xr... samsung did with s10e... this is the reacher segment...
That was a great continuous shot there... this was a whole new perspective...
shiiiii i bought mine for 650 on ebay
E for Economy
"E" stands for essential. They' ve said it while talking about it during the launch in s.francisco
S10e>s10>s10+
The e stands for economy
Awesome Video of the S10e LOVE it 👍👍😃 I love all your tech vids they're more detailed than other vids keep up the great work
I suggest a High-end mid-range as the name for the price range of s10e
S10e the "e" stand for "essentials" perhaps
im just asking myself why would you put two logos on the back? so ugly..
Here in India....even the S10plus is cheaper than iPhone Xr😂😂
The swipe fingerprint reader to pull down function has always been on Samsung phones though.
Pre-Premium
A phone only for right-handed more och less then
*SALUTE THIS GUY FOR THAT WALLPAPER*
Flagships phones be 900,000 dallas
Wow ... Baymax looks good
The e stands for expensive😂😂😂
Samsung is really a much better company than apple......when apple gives u low budget stuff, it's really cheap.....the iphone xr has a low res screen, an iphone 4 typa screen....like WTF??? the s10e is fantastic.....really if u buy it, u have an upgrade on the s9......
Where can I get the wallpaper I need it for my s10e
I know the name .. it's over priced
I think the one hand fingerprint / homebutton gesture doesnt work worldwide. Where can I find it, i have the dutch version. Can't find it in the settings :(
they moved camera to the punch hole and they still have large bezels on cell,it should have no bezels, look at other cells like the one with the camera that pops out the top of cell, the display on that cell has no bezels. samsung is being greedy and doing in really small adjustments. so they can make full bezeless display next year and make punch out for camera smaller.
they moved camera to the punch hole and they still have large bezels on cell,it should have no bezels, look at other cells like the one with the camera that pops out the top of cell, the display on that cell has no bezels. samsung is being greedy and doing in really small adjustments. so they can make full bezeless display next year and make punch out for camera smaller.
6 gigs for $700? What do I look like? A money tree? 😱
Is that really iphone Xs beside the s10e? Or iphone xsmax?
Dude. The Galaxy S is a flagship...PERIOD.

IT USE TO BE $550, $650 and now $750.

It is not a midrange spec'd phone.

The iPhone XR is  premium low ranged pbone.

The Galaxy S10e is a lower priced flagship.

Everything in this phone has always been found in a Galaxy S.
Samsung should make the larger s10 with a flat screen.
I came to watch video for that wallpaper in thumbnail 😍
I can't go back to any screen <6"
5.8 is small? That’s what she said.
"flagship lite" price category
I really like this phone but I don't think it going to be as much supported (updates wise) as the regular S10 or S10+
efficient
The S10 models without a case will give people issues with accidental touches.  Curved screens are like super models, they are very attractive but are very high maintenance and a pain in the ass.
Bad Ad, oops commercial, oops video. Which one is it MKBHD?
You a Ad or a person?
Later faker.
Call quality ? I’ve checked so many reviews no one really said much abt call quality .. all just abt looks camera and so on . How times have changed ...
10/10 For that wallpaper. lol.
I'm thinking about selling my iPhone X and Apple Watch and going back to Android. Is it worth the hassle to jump to Samsung S10e + some Samsung smartwatch?
Am watching this on my  fkn s9
the problem is im not stuck with ios, i just enjoy it more than android, i’ve yet to see another android phone i want since the nexus 6p
yo marques can i have the s10e please . need a new phone mine's old :P
Not gonna lie that’s a sexy phone
just make the whole side on all sides touchable
In next two years.. I think Apple will step up a bit, Samsung will start to fall, and Google will come up big time, and Nokia will blow people away...
$850 to 1500 flagship (beast, flashy)
$500 to 850 mid range (great, perfect)
$300 to 500 budget (decent, value)
$100 to 300 entry (simple, backup)

Apple is Mercedes 
Samsung is Hyundai
OnePlus is Nissan
Nokia is Acura
Google is Toyota
Huawei is BMW 

You're welcome....
I was about to go S10e... But went iPhone XS and  I love the XS.. bye Samsung
0:58 damn!
🤔...The e in S10e should stand for economy meaning in price versus the other 2 phones! Love the phone!..🤗
Should range of One plus 6t
1:13 Flagship phones are $900 000
good shit
wallpaper link at 1:45 on macbook ?
Please review durability of samsung a50
Watching on s10e
For this price and specs i go for Honor v20
E stands for everyone or economy
The e stands for essentials
Just got 2 at Wal-Mart for 599 each, they have them for ATT, Verizon and Sprint.
The e stands for essentials.....as in it has all of the essential features of the s10 and s10+
lets call it a budget premium category
I've always been an Apple person, and I refused to switch to Android. But... this was the phone that did it... I have an Android
This video should be called "Why NotCH?" nyahaha
Amazing device! just got mine in black
What about calling them “entry flagships”?
I have the galaxy s7 right now and i still like it alot, but the s10e looks and sounds AMAZINGLY awesome
750 for a chin and a hole punch camera staring at you. No thanks. Make a phone for people like us that dont use front cameras!!!  One company should do it and see how the sales will be instead of copying each other and not selling phones. Im talking the smaller companies.
Please make a review about Xperia 1
i am getting this phone :)
S10e should be $550
How about "Mediocre Premium" ?
That shot tho😮😮😮😮
I have an iPhone SE at the moment, and I wanna upgrade to Galaxy s10e... will it be a huge upgrade? Only thing I’ll be missing out on is iMessage. That won’t bother me though.
I am planning to buy a new phone. Since the note 9 price dropped, I am confused between S10e, OnePlus 6t and note 9. Which one do you guys think I should buy?
"flagships are about NINE HUNDRED THOUSAND'' lul
i was so confused
upper mid-range?
i love how his left  eyes literally on the camera
Ass10 brownlee
Just got the s10e uk version, i checked the capacity of the battery through phone info. It says 3k mAH instead of 3100. Still curious about it and run the accu battery apps and see how much capacity will i have. Then, it's even saying its only 2790 mAH.  It feels like samsung just deliberately mention 3100 just for marketing purpose. The reality still 3k just like the device from previous year.
great video. fuckin finally samsung. fuck curved displays.  NOW i can upgrade....
now i can watch corn videos with one hand ✋
Nice Dave 2d Vid... Oh wait, didnt I already watch this? Its Marques?? What is happening...
I am currently using that same Baymax wallpaper on my S10.
If u get a case that covers the power button will it interfere with the fingerprint scanner?
samsung takes you out of the ecosystem
Sorry if I missed it, but in order to unlock the phone, would I HAVE to use the stupid fingerprint scanner or is that still optional???
Nowadays a 750 bucks smartphone its the "cheaper" version... Why?
Marques, I beg u please try the Xperia 1! I beg thee
How did you get in red?
Now I want that phone
Wallpaper clickbait... 😄
I like the Samsung Galaxy S10e  SD card slot, headphone jack, beautiful flat screen and wide angle camera.
*When u realize u cant even afford the budget one*
I was meant to get an iPhone XR but Samsung did his job and now I will pick this instead of their bigger brothers
Watching this on my prism white S10e! Amazing phone
Would you recommend this over the pixel 3 xl?
e is for essential
Excellent review. Nailed what matters to real people!
Whos dislike this video.  Over a thousand ?  Is that samsung disliking?  They want everyone buying the flagships
Had my Green S10e a little under a week, and so far I've been very happy - EXCEPT for one thing.  The black plastic surround for the screen has already got really rough - it's like it's made from a really soft plastic, so any little touch marks it.  The factory screen protector is in perfect condition, as is the rest of the phone, but that black plastic bit looks terrible already.  

I've never had this problem with any of my Samsungs.  My old A8(2018) I use when I'm working on steam trains gets abused, and it hasn't had this problem, and it's also uncased, and pretty much the same size as the S10e.  I can't see this S10e being terribly durable, which is a shame.
Great Vid, I appreciate how you pointed out that it is a better deal.
The "e" is supposed to stand for "essentials" from what I gather.
Things are easier said than done!,but this latest device can still be hacked even with all it sophisticated security checks. Contact this pro hacker via WhatsApp: +1(518)6770411,email: hacktechxxx@gmail com,instagram id: lordjhacks, and you will thank me later.He is reliable,he helped me hack my cheating ex hubby's cellphone and that saved me from a toxic relationship. I'm sure he's done a lotta successful internet and phone hacks as I'm a testament of his hacking skills. I'm very grateful to him,he can help you catch your cheating spouse. Contact now!.
Black Shark 2
MKBHD , giveway for S10e pls. I really want that phone. I really love your videos. Subscriber from PHILIPPINES!
I actually like s10e over s10 cause I prefer smaller phones.
I bought this phone yesterday, so disappointed with the camera, going to try and return it, lose money on the restocking fee and just buy a pixel, if mkbhd uses pixel as his daily driver, that says something.
i like the flat screen.

Please no more edge type screens.
1:13 $900,000 for a phone????
Great work
It bothers how much it looks like an iPhone, it really does.
I love how it so small..
Really really love it.
Loooveee iitt..
Smaalll
0:58 what the.. how did he do that !!! that was awesome man
E is for essentials
Now Samsung will use that wallpaper in their s10 ads , or Note 10 if it also has a punch-hole camera
I got to try this phone out, I think it's beautiful.. It's smaller than a lot of phones with smaller 5" screens!
what a sexy wallpaper
dumb brainless fandroid
cause its an android thats why
..."e" for essential !! 😊
Miss me with the "tripple cameras" bullshit samsung. Just one camera in the back is enough. I cannot forgive you for not putting an in-display fingerprint scanner though.
I dont think any other phone had the fingerprint reader on the side. Samsung had it on onr of the A series phone
Can it update more than one app at time because my S7 edge cannot
The fingerprints on the galaxy s10e is faster than onplus face unlock
Why not call it pseudo-flagships ?
Hands down Marques you give the most honest and informative reviews to me as well as the best as a Samsung user you give great reviews I currently have the S9 plus Xfinity mobile hoping to upgrade to the s10 plus in a month or so
What do you do if you are left handed and hold your phone with your left hand. Then your thumb doesn't rest naturally on the fingerprint reader.
e stands for effortless.

Not in a bad way, just in cheaper way compared to the other models. Its small e anyways.
ok so i have an idea for the price range... richboy-bitchboy...
Where is the other GalaxyS10 review. Not the +, Not the E just the one in the middle
Tempted to upgrade to one of these in blue from my iPhone SE.
MKBHD pleeeeease make a short review of the Galaxy Buds 🙏
I pre ordered S10+ but now I am thinking I should have ordered this. My only reason is that I need bigger battery since I travel quite a bit for work so having bigger battery that I don't have to charge during day helps but I really like the screen size of this and physical finger print sensor
0:42 Kearny?? Edit: nevermind
did anyone else see the Expressions Advert at the end
Could you make a video on the top selling screen protectors for the s10?  Theres so much and all the different reviews dont help.
Sony Xperia xz3 please
Like if want!!!
Damn, this phone's a steal at that price! I have an s8 that I love, but I think it's a good idea to upgrade soon!
The s10 design is CRISPY and so are your videos! been watching for years and also thought of starting my own channel but always procrastinated. But i finally started did did my own review inspired by the legend MKBHD on the new S10, if you have any suggestions / feedback for me it would be much appreciated!
No curved edges.  SOLD!  Those things are so damn annoying.  Especially on the larger phones.
Came here to watch a phone review, left amazed at the quality of the content! Well done 👍🏻
Watching this on iPhone XR 😂
And it's got a headphone jack... pretty much beats the XR in every aspect.
So its S10 minus
I ended up picking one up. BestBuy and Samsung's website both are offering $550 credit for the Note 9 so I took that offer up and grabbed the S10e. It's nice to have a capable smaller phone that still has a large display.
E=essential
Pink s10e 😍😍😍😍
900.000 $?
I am so excited that my broke ass would be able to afford it by 2021 !!! Yaayyy ❤️
$900,000? 🤯
That front camera is ugly... alright.. jus ugly
Marques, please check out the "accidental touch protection" on the S10/S10+ 
(It doesnt seem to work, as seen on a lot of posts in reddit and samsung community forum)
It may be the cause why the devices have terrible battery life when people have the habit of putting their phone in their pockets, therefore the in-screen fingerprint sensor is constantly sensing fingerprints, whats worse is when people turn on tap to wake AOD or double tap to wake
I personally own an S10, and found that the battery lose quicker in my pocket than when im watching youtube
You've been my hero in busting tech flaws in public and saving my spendings on a lot of products
Keep it up man!
If you don't need that phone please give me
Where can I get the wallpapers
Whats the display settings recommended for eyes in S10e? 
Natural or Vivid. RGB = 100%?
With Bluelight Filter or without?
What was the above settings at the time you recorded this video? 

Response is much appreciated marques.
"e” stands for “Economy”
Watching this on Pocophone f1
Actually metal rail around camera is green on my s10 prism green :)
I just watched this video for that wallpaper.. Im serious.
the flagships are 900,000 dollars 😱😱😱😱😱😱
5:41, wiping your phone with hoodie,  a little too real, lol
Intro music is awesome
How did you get that track?? that was amazing but i didn't get that song's instrumental...
This seems to be the best buy!!
Also if you work for att that thing is half off right now 🤔
I'm almost sure the price will go down $100 or $200 in less than a year or maybe 2 phone for the price of one,like usual.
Midmium Range Phone =D
This phone ticks all my boxes, except for the location of that power button (I'm left handed and do not have gigantic fingers)
am i the only one that suffers from scratches on the s10e just by being in a pocket with nothing else in it?
This video made me fall in love with the S10e 😍 Just a few questions, I currently have the S8, would it be worth the upgrade? Also, is there a difference between the Snapdragon and the Exynos model? I live in Europe, so I would get the Exynos model.
Lol in India even S10 plus is cheaper than xr.
3:49 *How do you make a Red background like that?*
As long as Samsung keeps giving their shitty Bixby into phones, no Samsung phone is worth spending money on.
Where do you buy the s10e in the colour he is reviewing
I would not switch to the S10 just for the bigger battery. I use the Xiaomi redmi note 4x and the battery life is just amazing!
Is the s10e small ?
Hey check out the cards at 3:22. Are they NOCs?
Can anyone in here can gave me  an iPhone or Android? I know y'all in here was so rich and can afford everything 😊 please for my birthday gift 🤗 hahahaha just trying 😄
Watching this on my S10e, and I can say for sure that it is definitely worth the money.
Only a total idiot would pay 700-800 USD for a fucking plastic 1080p phone.
E on Galaxy S10e actually stand as 'Economic' version of the phone. Said the one that couldn't never bought the phone
Can u send me BAYMAX WALLPAPER
1:15 damn flagships are 900 thousand dollars 😂😂
The only reason I haven’t bought the S9 is because of the hideous curved edges. Just wish t was smaller like 4.5”.
Id buy this just not to have the curved display! I can't stand the infinity display.
This might be the phone that switches me from ios to android i have an xs but this just seems so cool
BUDGET FLAGSHIP
I feel everything truly revolves around the Qualcomm Snapdragon processors. Being released in Q1 makes all the other phones seem old and outdated. Samsung has this figured out.
2-3 mm is way more then you think, so prob wrong
thats 0.1 inch or 1/3 of a cm
Does anyone else have a problem when sending a video message with the quality ?  When I send a video message it's super pixelated:(
another great review
Why tf it's pink???
Low end flagship is the new name
I'll be fine with my s10+
Ничего себе, айтипедиа потемнел как-то.
Didn’t even notice the camera in the top right
note 7 unboxing and truth behind its success is going to live in 1 hour please subscribe to see it first and hit like button
Had in mind the "e" stood for Economy, but it looks like it actually stands for exceptional.  Can't beat the features, quality, and pedigree it comes from.
snapdragon version?
Okey I'll keep my s10e
hi. the main things that i look after at a phone are good camera, to work smooth day by day  and not to lag after a few months use.what would you recommend between the iph xr and the galaxy s10e??
But wont a case block the finger print scanner
Can you provide more of this type wallpaper please?
i want stock android & 16:9 display
I want this phone when I decide to upgrade but am a lefty
S10efficiency probably
If there's s10e+ or de bigger version I'll be so happy is so tiny
I got S10e last week because T-Mobil did not have the other two yet.  Their loss of money and my gain.
Please help... can the exynos s10e get through a full day of heavy usage?
I must say, this phone is beautiful.
it's the best S10 because it doesnt have the stupid curved edges which are just tacky and have no purpose
The wallpaper was smart 🤣
Why am I watching this when I don't even have money to buy it? Simple
Marques' quaility is next level
i think we cant reduce the resolution caus its just 1080
This phone is more in my price range the other one is to expensive
3:10 I've had this feature on my s8 since i got it on the release
Old flagship price
Which was that car game??
Can anyone help me
Trade in an s8 at BestBuy and its $350 this week
I have a s10e and i love it
Midrange + premium. = midreium
holy shit a rectangle with a screen im fucking shaking
I'm thinking of getting this Samsung phone. Somehow, Samsung comes across as the more ethical company as compared to the fruit. Even with the battery incident, Samsung owned up and offered a fix. I'm currently bearing the brunt of deceptive marketing from the fruit company.
Sub-flagship I guess
Also I really enjoy the fingerprint sensor being able to control notification panel, this was on Pixels and I got it on my Nokia 7 Plus
Most flagships seem to just have small incremental upgrades vs prior models , so I didn’t see value in upgrading my iphone 7. That was until I saw this video, this phone looks amazing!!!
Shit negro, that's all you had to say
Upper midrange
Is it better than s9+?
dude I don't have $900,000
Just Fuck off swiggy
I tested the s10e and love the normal size.  It is not long as the s8, so or s10.  I wish they would have done away with the front camera and have a full screen. Lastly, I perfer the flat screen ocer the curved.
🤬
Did i just heard 900 thousand dollars😱
At least this one has a chance to fit in my pocket.
S10e? No thank you
Can you give me that please.   I will be your supporter for the life.
MKBHD could legit become a professional cinematographer
Thank you very much, Mark Ass. I will think about getting this phone.
nobody's complaining about the fingerprint placement when its not sony who did that.
900'000 dollars flagships, damn these phones are getting expensive
1:31 a mini Onewheel!
Is this the exynos version?
if not, does anyone know who has reviewed the exynos version?
The ability to pull down the notification shade is also on stock Android (or at least I found it on Pixel 1)
E=economical?😂
Did anyone noticed that marques said 'Flagships have 9,000 dollars.' Like if u agree.
How about: Flagship lite?
S10 plus yes or no
Flagships are $900,000? 🤣🤣🤣
How many make up products you're using for whitening?
Samsung 10 looks cool but iPhone XS/Max FOREVER
these prices are still insane. seems like a ZTE Axon 7 of 2019 but costing the double
Google Pixel is a Premium Midrange phone in terms of price.
Following you since 2012 and now inspired by you i started my channel and see by gods grace i reach half of the criteria as 
to show some love I AM
SUBSCRIBING BACK TO EVERYONE WHO HELP ME TO REACH 1K WATCH HOURS COMPLETED 400 SUBS NEEDED
I think the 'e' stands for economy  since it's the most affordable s10.
900 thousand dollars




Nice
the side bezels are not the same... measure it!
I’m a big fan of the flat display
$900,000
Man every damn time I see those displays I get fucking jealous on my Pixel 3.
Is the live focus still usable in the S10e without telephoto?
Quick question the only way I can get  my s10 in dark mode for my Google web, contacts and everything Google offers is to use the Samsung internet app only , is it anyway around that  Were I can put my Google search engine in dark mode without going through the Samsung internet app to browse in dark mode
So it’s a pain to use the fingerprint sensor if you are a lefty?
1080p for the same price that my s8 launched, 2 years ago.. I'll pass Samsung
S10e is cute not too big not too small either
Orgasmic video editing at 59 seconds
I love how smooth, handy/compact & still high quality it is; even though it's not a flagship.. :3
Why is there no pink version in the UK😟
e stands for economic/economy version
Yeah, sounds like a deal 
Menu looks good too
Lol 1:14😂
You forgot to mention no heart rate sensor on the back.
S10e = s10 essentials
"Premium midrange" alright so $750 phones are midrange now
MKBHD: The flagships are like $900,000 (1:14)
Me: That's how my pocket feels
You missed off the aspect ratio differences and the fact this is actually much nicer to use than the s10 due to the lack of curved edges. It’s just a damn shame the power button is so far up.
YoU nEeD a HiGh Iq to UnDeRsTaND *_E_*
Your *Quality, style, Animations* are awesome :D..
I bought my fuckin S9 last week!
Wallpaper link please
That wallpaper works so good one eye is the camera and one is on the screen nice wallpapers samsung
I m confused whether to go with the s10e or to w8 for oneplus 7 ?????can someone tell me what should i do?
Same price? Haha here in the UK the S10e is £669 where as the iPhone XR is £749. Coz Apple tax is a thing...
*iphone developers have entered the chat*
That wallpaper is insane
how about budget flagship?  1:03
He is black or brown?
This should be the flagship, and the high end ones should be flagcruises
e stands for economy
That’s a cool wallpaper
6 gigs of ram is not a big deal..,hahaha,... Nerds
PS This phone is actually $650 at Best Buy.
Leave the S10e, iPhone XR costs more than S10+ here in India.
Your reviews are smooth and easy to grasp...keep like that. I'm already aware of S10
Battery sucks =(
e for edan ?!
I do have a very important question to ask you......Do you have to pay for that Baymax wallpaper or is it free?
Looks so cute 😘😘😘😘
Cool
e for essentials?
The hole punch camera on all s10 are quirky and fun. The wallpapers are genius and I bet Samsung wasn't expecting them.
If specs say that the S10 and S10 + is the better phone, but the S10e is the better deal, which it is and people have said that, how could that be?  Sure it's cheaper and smaller, which would be the selling point to these phones,  but I bet you any money you like, that people are going to debate buying the S10e based on one particular thing.  Battery life and the smaller battery.  They could also debate getting it based on the removal of the ultrasonic fingerprint reader, and lack of cameras as well as other shortcomings, but the battery life is probably going to be their main gripe.
The smaller size is so much LOVELY
e = essential
upper midrange
the E stands for Elite
Got the s10+ and realised for the 250$ less it's just a better deal all around. I pay cash for my phones so for me the 250 less is a  big deal. I highly recommend it! Also been having the chance to use the LG G8! I have to say it's a major competitor at the price it's at. At 790$ it directly competes with the s10.
Im ashamed that i havent seen any "MARKASS BROWNLEE" comments
@ 0:59 that camera work was so sick !
Please for god's sake review the regular s10... Pleeeease 😖
apple is still the best . . . .
Eh I have the S9+ and love it... I don't feel the need to upgrade
I watched this shot four times 1:06
Yooo nice kick, AJ 1 courte 😃
It is so funny to watch all those American tech youtubers to review all kinds of tech product that none of them is not made in USA, and youtuber act like a super judge and in real life they know almost nothing about how to make a product. The only advantages they have is English and stupid Americans will buy anything youtuber recommend.
Bought the galaxy s10 e I have the oneplus 6 and my impressions the op6 is more faster than the s10e . Honestly the only thing's better is the camera and size .
Great video again!! This is making my decision super difficult 😭😭 
I've been planning to get a new phone, a budget/mid range phone but it's been so hard to choose! I was totally about to get the OnePlus 6t and I watch your vids to get as much info as I can on all kinds of phones. But now this one, it certainly sounds good! But it is a bit more pricey... I'd say a high range but not premium or budget phone.
Midrange Plus? Midrange+
Just got the 10e and I love it
The iPhone comparison. That was the xR on the table. Correct?  I heard xs.  Xs is a 5.8   As  is the s10e.    Yes.  Or am I wrong ?
Oneplus 6t still the best especially once you look at all they give for under $600
I thought amoled screens are more foldable than LCD. So why the chin on all S10 are thicker than Huawei Mate 20's chin?
Hahahaha, a 7 minutes "review"?! 7 minutes man?! Dude you're wack
"This type of fingerprint reader" - Only Sony, Nexbit and Razer come to mind with that design, but then again MKBHD rarely does Sony reviews. Sony pretty much screwed the US with the "it's a business decision" crap to disable fingerprint reader. Patent issues perhaps, but how can Samsung and others do it?
Ill be getting my s10e by Monday the latest ordered mines about 5 hours ago getting free overnight shipping but i don't think they deliver on Saturday's i like that big 6 wallpaper is that wallpaper already a choice in the wallpaper section or do i have to pay for it ?🤔
hey @Margues Brownlee, I am thinking of switching from my iPhone 8 to the Samsung S10e. Is it worth it?
thanks
I wish they would send me my Galaxy S10 Plus flamingo Pink phone!!!
Look its mark ass brownlee
Best wallpapers
I have a Samsung Galaxy 5 now getting the 10e.
ALL OF THE HELP PLEASE.   set my pop up settings on whatsapp to show when screen is turned off/locked (just notify not actual content of msg).. it works, the green edge lighting shows when i receive a msg.. HOWEVER i enabled HIDE CONTENT but the pop up still shows the message from lock screen.  Not only is the popup immediately visible when clicked on (therefore no security even though i have hide content on lock screen option enabled)... if the contact has a profile pic.. my Samsung S10 is showing a little floating popup (of their profile pic) notification that can't be swiped to dismiss.  It sits in the middle of the screen until I click it and am forced to read the msg.  My edge panel lighting also doesn't always work when screen is locked.  It's hit or miss... glad I paid 4 figures for this phone. : (  

So what I'm asking is can you help???  Or do a video specifically on annoying app problems with Samsung Galaxy S10 (you've already explained how I won't get a fix with Snapchat... much appreciated  lol)
The 'Efficiency' price range, not the best out there but get the job done
Do you think Samsung should use this fingerprint reader on the next note?
For left-handed people, this Touch ID is really gonna uncomfortable. You either should grab the phone with your right-hand and then switch to the left one. Or you should try to reach it with your index finger somehow.
I would more likely get the e mostly because having a bigger screen means nothing to me. I am typing this on a 4k monitor. This whole post is one line. Let's see you try that on your big phone.
nothing beats iphone eco system in my opinion now
hey @MKBHD send me an s10+ pls ?
I have the S10e and the Supcase Unicorn Beetle Pro case.  It reminds me of my S5 days to hold.
iPhones are better
COOOOOOLEST WALPAER EVER
0.58 - 1.08 damn sweet do more like that very creative,love from India ❤️
E for everyone
Like for the wallpaper!
Uhh, easy answer: Because I can easily afford a Samsung S10 Plus or a Samsung Fold?
S10e the e stands for essentials
This is by far the best phone review video i have seen a long time. You almost convinced me to buy a S10e. Wonderful job Marques. I would love to see more of your reviews
1:15

 “The flagships are like nine hundred...thousand dollars”. 


$900,000...Damn son.
I like that cheeky little wallpaper
Awesome video!
Just tell me why iphone is soo costly infact everything is same it’s similar to iphone 6 so why we should waste lots of money to buy iphone in that price we can buy galaxy s10 with more features and new technology
That was not very thorough.
e - essential
Please check the Sony Xperia 1
Woah the camera work when listing the three main features was awesome.
Where to get this wallpaper from?
It's not a mid-range as it's part of the S-series, so probably more like 'Economy Flagship'.
cheap flagship
Love its size
Sub Premium
I really do love the phone. My only issue is that I am left handed so the finger print makes it tough for me. Perfect price and perfect size 🙏
MARK ASS BROWNLEE
No Snapdragon can match the A12 Bionic's performance. Why is nobody acknowledging that?
I've always wanted to ask what he does with all these phones once he reviews them. Has he got some sort of phone cabinet? He can't possibly use all of them.
The essential phone already had the fingerprint reader notification swipe! Give them credit!!
Just call the category Semi-Flagship.
For the pricing range name, personally I call the budget flagships.
It’s a great phone, period.
I will tell you why not galaxy S10 in general Samsung does NOT sell batteries anymore for their phones so NO ORIGINAL batteries for Samsung phones on the market + for some reason (curved glass) samsung since S8 is making the gorrila glass on the screen thinner and thinner S10 is so thin it breaks if you drop it from 30cm on a table you know for ppl that pay for their $1000+ phones something like this is important
Samsung and manny others now make their phones so it does not last you more then a year if you dont know samsung rates all their batteries for 1 year standard use
e stands for ‘elite’
$900,000 phones lol that’s normal
Not so cool.. if I want to use phone left hand and unlock the phone
How many times your black ass is gonna review this shit??? 🤔🤔
I'm a lefty so s10e is definitely not my phone
The best version of S10
Hey Marques have you used a robot arm for camera work at 0:59? Looks amazing.
This video is really good. Youre an inspiration to the world of practical video editing.
That eyes...
can you tech reviewers start incorporating like a ruler or something in videos rather than long shots of just showing tech products in your hand so I can see the actual size of stuff accurately? would be helpful since the main reason I watch video reviews is to see the thing
how much?
Where can i find that robot picture 😶?
Video mistake : at 1:14 you just said $900k instead of $900
Ita shit phone rubbish i turn it back fuck after one day thats it back to iphone shot battery life etc
0:58 WOAH
[ 1:20 ] Let's Vote : +1 like for Premium Midrange
I still don't like the chin
ιι7776544τ545666θ66ρρ3677ψω  ξυ5θ778
$900,000....... DAAAAAAAMMN!!!!!!!
I hate how Baymax's eye is slightly off. It bugs me.
Back then I had a Samsung Galaxy Mega with 5.8" it was soo huge. And now 5.8 inches is small xD
That big hero wallpaper is 🔥🔥🔥 on the s10e
Since I've noticed that it's extremely hard (or even impossible) to find a really good glass screen protector for curved displays, I prefer a flat display. S10e for me.
Its better to call sub flagship category as one plus falls into premium midrange category
1:15 900 thousand dollar??
1:16 i'm not sure thats how expensive flagship phones are 😅😅😅
pink is my fave color 😍😍
Haven’t checked out this channel in a minute, crazy to believe I use to watch him when he was a kid in his room!!!!
shit phone. yuck. and the bias/paid reviewer looks like dogshit. disgusting.
pls review the Xiaomi Redmi note 7!!!!!
one thing literally every phone should have is what the oneplus 6T has, and that is, you can swipe down for the notifications literally in the middle of the screen, or the very bottom of you feel like it, you do not need to touch the top of the screen and it is the best thing in the entire world
Are you going to give me the s10 plus yes or no
I think I'm the only one clicked because of the wallpaper
As far as i know E stands for essential. At least thats what i've been told by the Samsung Lithuania team member.
I would want Fortnite and Markass Brownlie
e# economy
Why buy the iPhone XR over the Samsung Galaxy S10e? Software support. 5 years later, you'll still be able to run the latest software on the iPhone. The Galaxy gives up the software ghost in a little over a year -with the exception of quarterly - every 3 months - security patches. Will you even be able to get a new battery for the Galaxy in 2 years? If you plan on passing your old phone down to a kid or an aging parent, the S10E is a terrible decision.
So it is basically the iPhone xr from samsung
E entry
Just wondering do you get the "IKONIK" bundle for fortnite if I buy the S10e, wanna make the most out of this phone if I buy it
Does this have the god awful volume control system that comes with Pie? I hate the volume control the way it is, it is the absolute worst and makes me want an iPhone again.
Flagships are now at $ 900,000... Damn
I’d call the S10e more of a “standard” phone and not midrange. For me, midrange ist still 300-500 dollars.
And those S10 and S10s' are definitely premium smartphones that you should only get, if you have too much money.
Genuine review, 👍
I can't find setting to use power button for drop down menu.
OMG!! That wallpaper!!! That punch hole camera isn't noticeable
“Or to have a bigger $200 hole burning in your pocket” right as it states on screen to have a bigger battery! I see what you did there..
Did you say it was 900000 dollars
I'd simply call it Galaxy S10-
Samsung always copying Apple !!!!
🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🤩😍😘
I like the fingerprint sensor more. Thanks for the review!
Does the fingerprint reader in anyone's s10e shake a little bit
Can you donate a iphone 10 ?
Marques i hope you see this . Smartphone age is over, the smart wallpaper just begun.
if i were to buy an android, this one would be the phone. it’s beautiful.
S10(CH)e(AP) ?
The wallpaper is creative
Rather buy a S9+ for cheaper
e stand for essential.
Samsung has had the fingerprint gesture pad for awhile now. Good shit. Coming from my S8.
_☁5PM Mar 15 2019~_
Clever use of a wallpaper.
that big hero wallpaper LOL
The best review of the s10e I've seen yet
E= Essentials (only)
A cool thing though, if you swipe down on the fingerprint reader twice, it will extend the whole notification bar.
S10e have a more practical screen size.
You been using it wrong dawg. It is meant to be activated by your pointy finger, not the thumb
S10 e or s9 plus ?
Can't you order the phone without the front camera
Call it Midships
Please can you make a video about the Snapdragon 855 and Exynos 9820 models since the snapdragon outperforms it, shouldn't Exynos be sold cheaper since it's inferior??
I need one 🙏
I live the wallpaper ❤️
And love your reviews ❤️
In your opinion, s10e or p20 pro for now 2019?
I’d still get at least the s10 to be in between the lineup. I won’t have to feel like I cheaped out even though the s10e is still a great phone
That background is 200 iq
Essential
Markus how much $$$ are you paid by samsung ? Because lately you've been talking about this phone like is the 8 wonder of the world. It's a good phone but nothing spectacularly, 0 innovation in my opinion. Why dont you talk more about the LG G8 with its sound oled display and hand id , or the xperia 1 with its exclusive camera features ? I'm thinking of unsubscribing from your channel because i'm tired of this samsung spam. Everywhere I look (tv, internet, walking in the city), I see adds with this overpriced and overrated phone.
That background though
Entry level flagship
The flagships are 900,000 dollars!!!!!!
How is the fingerprint reader with a variety of case?
Uhg that six axis arm shot tho
I can't remember the last time that Samsung made something crappy.
e = everything the XR should have been for $749..
How do you do that? camera movement at 0:58?
The iphone XR does have a much better, more efficient processor. But other than that i'd say the s10e is better.
"Premium entry level"
markass brownlee
HTC Exodus 1 is available on Amazon
Auto focus ep5
may i just say the wallpapers to compensate for the camera hole are so clever
e vs r
I really like this device, but I still can't see the value in trading up from my Note 8.  (and I'd prefer the telephoto camera over the ultra wide angle)
How do w e t t hands do?
My honor 8x can do the same on s10e sliding notification with fingerprint scanner.
Hey, you got any crack? How much you'll be smoking?
So one minor bit, does it also act as a wireless charger like the better version?
No more curve glass them things crack to damn easy even with screen protector
Why not? Because I already fell in love with the OnePlus 6T
I would like to give my Heart to this cool color.. Really i.m fan of this type of PINK
6:25 iPhone users
E stands for elf
5.8 in is small? Gee thanks mate
That wallpaper is the only thing I was admiring in this vid, already know the phone is great !
What does "ON PAPER" mean?!!!
How about naming the segment pre-flagship?
Why not you ask? Cause Im broke...
Samsung software updates??? What magic do you speak of?
Wait are you that guy from rewind?
Agreed 10e defiantly bought my eye out all three models
$900,000 dollars for a phone?!
Could you please do a comparison between the s10+ and the mate 20 pro
Can someone explain to me why all Companys beside Apple (i am an Android User) arent able to produce symetric bezels? I mean i Use the huawei-mate-20-pro and this issue is there too. The bottom bezel is always a little big bigger than the top one. It gets me crazy
Actually same price is not. As you know both , Xr and S10e. But in India xr is expensive. Xr is ₹70000 and s10e is ₹55000. Apple is definitely going down
I have. Nightmares of consumerism
the wallpaper  is super suitable，haha！
0:58 wwwHAATT!? This man is a monster!
What mic do you use???
Big hero six fans = 1likke or comment
We get it, you own a Tesla
Luck dat 87 way on YouTube 🔥💯🔥💯🔥💯🔥💯🔥💯🔥💯🔥💯🤐💯🤐💯🔥🤐💯
Samsung conteattcks with coolest best phones. That's Asskicking strategy. S10 and upcoming Note10 too damn
0:58 awesome shot
Side bezels aren't the same, they're smaller.. iPhones are huge!
I bought a mate 20 pro but wish I had just waited for this
My 3 main points are:
Battery
Display
Ram

Those are the main things they changed, I'll pass on the s10e and save up for the note10.
My huawei P9 lite did the slide the fingerprint reader down for notification bar thing but the finger print was on the back so I always did it by accident
I vote Entry Luxury.
Can someone tell me why the chin is so big, just wondering.
M A R K A S S B R O W N L E E
My aging U11plus has 6 gig's of ram. Had a super camera. Does everything I want. Only wish it had front facing stereo speakers.
How about a comparison between S10e & One Plus 6T
Who else besides me downloaded that wallpaper
How does the battery last
I wish they make a Note10E
Phone preference depends on what you're looking for nowadays
stop this video at any point and have a wallpaper, woho what a visualwork great one
looking to upgrade from oneplus 3t, worthwhile ?
E
Literally just got this phone hours ago. I love it. I won't lie, I won't missed the curved glass.
Nice battery capacity lmao I'll stick with my S8 until the tech giants stop taking the piss
“The flagships are like 900,000 dollars”

Woah buddy we aint bill gates
IS THIS WHAT YOU WANTED?
Why not? Coz it's $750 XD Are you out of your mind paying this much for a phone that is, for the most part, extremely similar to previous models? This might not really be a problem for Marques Brownlee, but for the average consumer I'd say the features are not an overwhelming improvement from any of Samsung's previous phones. A smarter finger scanner and better display, is that it? When I see people saying they bought this phone for the Big Hero 7 wallpaper, I die just a little more inside. Don't you have bills to pay? XD You could have just got a Motorola which can probably do about 90% this phone can do. People who update their androids every 6 months for little to no reason are worse than the iphone gang.
probably will get the S10 just for the telephoto lens.. Cameras are important
E
Can you show the best camera and screen etc settings for s10#?
Hi Baymax
Cameras are targeted to kids like everything else in this world. Making a profit off of parents money.  I put my S6 against the S10e and the display on the S10e was much lower res and you could see it easily with a side-by-side comparison.  They keep selling the same phone over and over with very small modifications , if any every year. If you have an S6 there's no reason to buy this phone. The PPI is higher on the S6 compared to the S10 which is 4 generations older than the S10. This makes no sense at all. Does Samsung do this on purpose each year to lower the PPI between generations of phones to fool the user. It would be a good idea on the marketing side. I'll stick with my S6 with 3GBs of ram which is plenty enough for anything on mobile.
19:08
“If I were to control trending I’d want fortnite and marquees brownlee” - Will Smith prb
That is the best wallpaper ever. And those shots with the robot arm cameraman look awesome
That is the best way to go.
Not the best phone but the best bang for the buck s10e.
Mkbhd hit a home run here .
My phone is 400,000 cents
0:57 ooo..that was pretty cool
So I’m guessing with that fingerprint placement, you will rarely be on the lock screen then?
In display fingerprint scanner is a gimmick now?
19:8 I LOVE U MARQUES
"If you're not too into the Apple ecosystem, or if you're looking to get out..." I've heard that EXACT phrase in 3 or 4 different reviews so far.
Watching on my s10+ ! I was thinking about getting s10e or s10+ but the price difference doesn't matter that much to me and I need a bigger battery. But the s10e is one hell or a phone, and it fits so well in the hand!
I'm really loving the 16:9 videos. 
I wish everyone did that.
Yo is this Mark Ass Brownlee?
Review the Nokia 9 PureView !!!
High end phones need bigger batteries.
4,000mAh should be the absolute minimum (for any phone really).
Can someone tell my why all the manufacturers come up with that notch and punch out shit? It’s obviously better to just let a thin black bezel on the top and to make it symmetrical on the bottom. Just like the S9 it’s been the perfect design. Sony just did that again with their new flag ship. I mean the screen has to end somewhere. And that attempts from Apple with the „Planet“ backgrounds and this shit with betamax or how it’s called it seems like a poor try to cover a obvious mistake that’s a sting in the eye. Dunno maybe I’ve got some ocd thing going and everyone else doesn’t care.
"Midrange Plus" is what I'd like we call the ~750$ range
He explains everything perfectly. 
No bullshit 🙌👍
This option does not seem bad but my issue is I am coming from a Note 4 (which I just broke the screen the other day, I am going to get it fixed) which had a 1440p display for a 2014 phone.  Should that resolution not be standard by now?  I know 1080p still looks really good but it is hard to know a 2014 phone has better resolution.
Can anyone tell me how the battery life is on the S10e? I have an S7 Edge and I'd love it if not for the poor battery life it has
10% Off with this code if u buy your Galaxy S10e,s10 or s10+ from Samsung Internet Store

ACM-5PM1-GG5X-5FWX



You have to be in Europe to use it i think 
1 time use
It's a high-end phone
Hey Marques! You probably won’t read this but I saw your look-a-like at the train station today! It was at Utrecht Centraal in the Netherlands :)
" Compact pricing "
Low end flagship
It stands for 'essential' how did you not know that and know everything about the phone?! 😂🤦‍♂️
The s10e would be the best if it had the s10+ battery.
/Is it much better than the s9?
Markass
iPhone XR vs Galaxy S10e!
Looks like shit opps f11 pro is much better
How is the battery life??
The side fingerprint reader is awesome unless you are left handed🥺
Why not? I just picked up the S9+ for $599 and it came with a free wireless fast charger, that's why not.
E
"economy flagship"
When u keep making S10 videos and still get views * exists *

MKBHD: "Hey what's up guys..."
Nice video I really want the Samsung note 10
Hey Marques, how about a review on Samsung M20? Thanks
In about a year this is gonna be the best budget smartphone on the market, the s9 is currently $500-600 so if the s10 drops in price the same way when the s11 comes out, then the s10e will probably be about $300, which if that does happen then it's 100% my next phone.
the extra fingerprint reader functions are not new in any way, just stolen from Huawei.
wow that wallpaper and camera! Really brilliant!
nine hundred thousand dollars?!?  for a telephone!!? ARE YOU SERIOUS? (1:14)
Stupid battery killed excitement for this model. But the screen size good not small not big, just adequate. Hope they have a bigger battery and reasonable price in the future.
It’s rewind time
Wonder if it will also unlock with a photo of a fingerprint
0:58 i see u used that fancy camera robot did u buy it ?
$900,000
watching on my new blue s10e 😎
Is this what you wanted
This phone kicks ass! Came from a S7 active.  Yes I took a hit on the battery, but the 10e manages the battery life pretty well.
Actually I prefer the S10 just because of ultra sonic finger print reader and that's all
Where is dope tech man? 
We want a dope tech video🙄
It is ladies phone written all over
i love the wallpaper
But that chin tho
Mark ass brownlee
You could always swipe down on the fingerprint sensor for notifs
A 7-minute-long video and he still didn't answer the question in the title
the e might stand for essential
how much mony samsung Galaxy S10e
0:58 this was fucking awesome , nice idea.
Why Samsung cant push the chin simetrical like Apple did? Even the panel is theirs? 🤬🤬
He always flips his fingers around for the peace sign at the end lol
Clear difference in resolution this is the biggest reason I purchased S 10
Anyone else watching on an iPhone
My least favourite thing about Samsung is the edge displays. If I hadn't already got the Pixel 3, I'd have gone for this.
That Dope camera robot!
Those Jordan 1 contoures lol.
Hi Marques! Could you do a wireless speaker review? not only about the sound but also about the sturdiness, toughness of the thing, because some we can let it drop on the ground because we bring it with us.
my next son
1:25 what's a saucepan doing in the background lol
Y im watching this? Still using s5 until now.. still broke af😂😂.. need some love for any giveaway phone
3:15 They stole that from Huawei, where the fingerprint sensor is also like a little touchpad that can be used it some apps. E.g. to  pull down the notifications or to scroll though photos...
DUDE this production quality is INSANITY!
Samsung is the best
come on the S10e has a way fatter bottom bezel compared to the iPhone XS
Samsung is loVe❤️
0.58, i just got an erection
let's just call it "Not really Flagship"
Damn. That camera movement tho. Smooth. 💕
oooooh that motorized precision though !!!
for a moment I was like flagships are $900,000, what?
The low-life button you trying to manipulate me huh
Xr is better
Wouldn’t but for one reason only, I’m left handed and that fingerprint reader is to distant from my regular phone hold
I don't know why I giggled when he said, "rock your phone naked" hahaha I'm such a dork.
@MKBHD, 

Hello MKBHD I have a question here. 

The great 750$ phone cost 56k₹(800+ $) in India that too for a Exynos chipset(samsung owned). If a company owned product has been released it should be lesser than the SD phones right, then why the rates has that much difference. Is Exynos is better than SD. Please provide clarification on that.

Also you stated that its an Mid range Premium, but personally I feel like its an elite premium.
If I had to choose I'd still save for the S10+ 1TB or 512GB but the S10e is indeed better than the XR in terms of what it offers.
900 000 dollars? Dayum :D
Hey marquees when will I do another giveaway?
Removal of edge display actually makes this phone really tempting, only the Samsung OS stops me besides most mid range phones being more than good enough for my needs.
1:15 900,000 😂😂😂😂
GOOD LORD THE SHOT AT 0:57
Name them like we do with GPU's and other computer equipment. 
Budget
Mid-range
High End/Top Tier
Enthusiast
Loving the RED camera swivel thingy, forgot the name
Mark ass brownie
How is the finger print reader if you're left handed? Does it make it awkward to use or is it possible to get an index finger onto it?
Why this guy that shows phones has been doing the stupid in YouTube rewind?
Thumbs up if you miss the days when "midrange" meant $300-500 :(
Easily the greatest tech vlogger out there hands down
You good vido and Eddie 🤩🤩🤩
e for essential
Watched this on my White S10e (upgraded from Note 1 N7000). Better grip than S10 and stronger more durable non-edged screen is what swayed me over. I would have waited the Note10, but I barely ever used the stylus of the old phone since 2012...
awesome video as always
I see people forgetting that 1080p on a phone like that isn't really impressive.
Heck even the s6 as a 1440p screen.
And I bought mine for 20 bucks lol.
(It was broke. And I repaired it)
This is premium price..900$ is ridiculous
3:49 because of the color of the table
B-max looks like he's looking at us through a window lol
Only $750 smh...aahh...thats still about $400 more than it SHOULD cost.
I bought the s10e just for that wallpaper.




I'm serious...
prosumer
That wallpaper..
GENIUS !!
4:16 says "it's flat" as if that's a bad thing.... neither me nor my friends ever liked the curved sides...wtf's up with those
Good that the edges are dead now. They have been a distraction but now the crappy hole in the display. Sure it is innovative but it is crap and impractical.
I hate Samsnung now even though i WAS a Samsung lover and Apple hater... But now the Iphones doeant seem so bad...
LG seems the best phone with a acceptable price range.
The One plus 6T is still a better bang for your buck, after buying it I'm never going to go back to Sam! It comes with 8gigs of RAM and an in screen fingerprint scanner 128GB memory stock for $550 bucks!?!?
E for Essential (?)
That wallpaper..!!! You nailed it man..
Why not call it a Budget Flagship?
Budget premium
1:15 
900,000$ LOL
This is my next!
Note 9 is still best Samsung IMO
e = economical? In rich people world.
Nokia pure view review
A big plus is a possibility of using an ordinary hardened glass screen protector.
The flat display is so much better if u want to use a screen protector
great review, definitely gave me something to think about
This was uploaded on my birthday!
*A lot of hard work and effort goes into my vlogs. Please check it out and subscribe if you enjoy*
Markass brownie
FYI in Indian prices, one iPhone XR means Galaxy s10e with redmi note7pro.
Are we gonna ignore the 900,000 pricing of the flagships
e stands for essential
The side is THE best place to put a fingerprint reader. It's where you put your finger to actually press the power button already, and the scanner is already there waiting. I loved its concept when Sony first introduced it back then and I still love it now.
Flagship protege
For Samsung e = Economy
For Consumer e = Expensive
It's more practical
1:47 
Thats my current background😂
You have good tastes
Phone is amazing Great Review. But one thing finger lock on back of the phone and on side is a pure stupid thing for me. In screen and front button finger unlock is the best so far for me. But not on the side and on the back.
The Galaxy S series will always be better than A series.
Almost flagship
That wallpaper sucks
Dude from the past with a Sony Ericsson: "how much did pay for your phone?"

Dude from the future with a Samsung S30e: "Only 2,199.99"

Dude from future with Airpods X: "Broke ass b*tch"
1:14 , flagship phones are $900,000! Phone prices are getting out of control..
Best Compact Phone 2k19...
Flagships are like 700,000??
😀😁
whats your video aspect ratio? it's cool
Nice robotic shots 😍
900 thousand dollars?
I would call this price range " Avrage consumer range" or "Avcon' range" cos its the range that is aimed appealing for most consumers
Markass Brownlee
What do you think about the 5G electro magnetic radiations?
I just hate how Samsung forces you to use their awful pre-installed apps. They basically ctrl c + ctrl v all of the Google's apps, so you have two identical apps on your phone that you can't even delete. It's the only reason why I will never buy Android phones again, unless they let me to uninstall the useless apps. What I like about Apple and the iOS is that they will let you uninstall almost all of their pre-installed apps (except of course the Camera, Settings, App Store, iMessage and the Phone app, that you make calls with).
Sub-Premium
That conclusion in the end did it for me. S10Ee it is! Great vid
.
Wow... the S10e looks good! I like it more than the other S10's
9 hundert thousand? 9.000.000 $? 1:14
his videos getting so good, i cant focus on title. missing the point ! keep up the gr8 work dude !!
E= Essential... Samsung said it in the keynote
I was just amazed by the video quality and the layout of background with the phone. NICE!!!.. not a bad phone though
Guys dont trust samsung.....i am usong the s7 edge....the performance battery life sucks after just 2 years....though u pay more for the iPhone xr....I guess u could live with it for atleast the next 4 years....
daymn the wallpaper
The wallpaper is awesome
Interesting indeed, like your reviews Marques, the S10e is a deal to go for,,,
That notfication shade gesture is slick!
അണ്ണൻ പൊലിയ
Hey! I'm coming off an iPhone 6 that just broke on me, repair was going to cost $400, deciding between iphone or pixel upgrade, is now a good time to get something new or should i pick up something like a pixel 1 or iphone 8 second hand to tide me over to a new release?
Who makes your intro beats?
I could be reading a book but instead I'm watching this
Might as well call it cheap premium range
Swipe down notification bar using fingerprint reader first came in honor device
The fuck u never lose any reason on phones what the fck do u want
That thing is gorgeous
If i would control rewind i would want fortnite and marques brownlee
Where can I get that wallpaper?
I know i know ..it is a better deal....but 750$ is not cheap...dont even hav 200$😢😢😢😢
Call it a MidPri 😃
the flagships are like 900,000$
Not that good
Nine hundred thousand dollars? 🤣
Where did you get this wallpaper
Haha low budget S phone nice
This Baymax wallpaper is awesome 😎😍
Markass Brownlee...

I only wanted to say this, I'm outta here!
On my wishlish
Was that a ' Gunship' wallpaper on the laptop?
@6:43 YouTube captions are like, "Why not, that's tiny" 😂😂
The colours in this video! DAMN, they just pop!
Nice screen background to hide the ugly notch.  I hope next year Samsung and hide away the notch by just having 2-3mm from the top with the deep black strip.  The side /top bezels are gone.  I much prefer the view on the Note 8/9 rather than the ugly cut out which stills looks like an unfinished product and distorts the nice look!   It sticks out like a sore thumb!
When Sony Xperia released their flagship with this finger print reader in power button, you guys were so pissed of but when samsung galaxy did one, it’s Awesome!
Call it the 3/4 (three quarter) price range instead of midrange premium or premium midrange.
Nice video... Originally thought about getting the S10 e but when I went and looked at them at Best Buy and saw the  regular S10 which is almost the exact same width and it's thinner but just taller and the curved sides makes it easier to hold in the hand also the bezels on the S10 e are fairly substantial compared to the other s10's. The big plus for the S10 e is the flat panel in my mind as it'll be way easier to get a glass screen protector.
I was going to get the S10e, but I didn't like the finger print scanner being so high up. It's been a few days and I love my S10, but the thing that sold me I haven't even setup. Using old fashion pin
look its mark ass brownlee
mark ass brown
Great video I like your review.
100% buying this. Samsung knocked it out of the park. Top-end specs without the frills of the more expensive models. Minimalistic design too, along with a small form factor.
Acer had eMachines, Samsung has S10e
Nine hundred thousands dollars
nah, ill wait untill the new ROG phone comes out
What is the program next to the camera on the home screen?
The E stands for "Eh, why not?".
I think this nice to hold s10e  are reallyyyyyy beautiful... i just think..  0.o
Can you do a video comparing all Galaxy S 10 and all iPhones X? I know is a lot of work but it would be really interesting. Keep doing this amazing reviews. Awesome!!!
Did you buy a robot camera arm just so you don't have to cut and reposition? :'-)
Just 6gb RAM? Didn't OnePlus have that for half the price 2.7 years ago?
0:50 Love the display and the wallpaper!
I want this one
So I'd call this category above premium and I'd call 1000$ unnecessarily expensive and 1500$ crazy and stupid
Wanna get a top notch phone for less price ? Why not one plus 6 or 6t ?
If your 250 dollars burning in your pocket😂
markass brownlee         
yt<----
Lets go with “Low premium”..
I'm really so proud of Samsung. I've got three S series and now I've got an iPhone just for the ecosystem, but honestly Samsung rocks.
I don't know if anybody else is having the same problem I am older mine just has a glitch but on the Galaxy S10 if you go to YouTube and search  It's HDR10 and turn up the brightness  Up it won't let you go to your shortcuts or change the brightness anymore
who like that,like the mkbhd and even e
S10e vs iphone xr?
I wasn't liking this phone before against s10 and s10+..but....after watching your review I think it's a good phone..actually a best mini version of their own flagship launched by any brand..
that’s hot.
Our phone and our laptop is in an technological race.
Low-end flagship
Lol, I would choose any galaxy s10 over any iPhone X.
How about Budget Flagship instead of Premium Midrange? 🤔
what about readin your notifications on a lockscreen ??
Modern phones are a joke, the specs they offer for the price is so bad because for the same cost i can build a pc thats so much faster then it is.
i'd happily buy a phone with no front camera
I think he stands for essentials. They talk about just the essentials at Samsung's announcement.
Still no Sony covering on this channel. Its a pity, when Sony really stepped up their game this time. Not a peep. Sony Xperia 1, Xpera 10 and Xperia 10 plus is really something specieal with their 21:9 screen to ratio. But I guess will go on boycotting this channel.
Hey marques could you do a review about the galaxy M series
Possibly the best wallpaper ever 😂😂😂
Aaah the robot camera !!!
00:57 that camera movement
e stands for essential.
this is the samsung phone I have been waiting for! i hate curved screens and curved glass, i love cheap and simple and fun! if they release a samsung s10e Active, ill be the happiest guy in the world . do more people ask for the active line to come back? i cant be the only one!!
O.57 camera robotic is super littttt 🔥🔥🔥
E stances for "essential", meaning only essential features are remaining, according to Samsung officials
A50 <3
That new text at the start looks ugly
Really wish this had an IR blaster.
Came here for wallpaper
i just want a bigger display, wish there was an S10e+
Quick question: S10e or Pixel 3?looking for a new one as I'm still rocking an s7
e stands for Essentials.
If any of these phones compare the the iphone 10s it's the 10 e others are way out it's leuege
Marques please do a giveaway of S10. I need this shit WaaaAaAAah



See I wrote your name correctly here.
S10e does not come with vaper chamber cooling.
I see what you did with the thumbnail... 😏💖
Can someone send me his wallpaper for this phone? Baymax or link it
What's your thoughts on the new Vivo APEX??
Nice phone, but overpriced. Sad to see samsung following apple way of increasing prices. Hate paying just for the brand.
Who actually "needs" the ultrasonic fingerprint reader? I am really thinking of replacing my Note 9 with this one, think I'm done with large phones
How is this so much cheaper? 750$ compared to 900,000$ is a big difference.
No 💰 maan...,😝
Peace!
Balling on a budget, you’re welcome 😂🙈
How is the Galaxy 10e compared to the Google Pixel 3 XL?
Why I feel that mkbhd is afraid of telling people that's the better phone than S10? Why would anyone bother buying a phone for ultrasonic sensor? Mkbhd, if u see that s10e is a better phone, just tell them!
How about using airline class? 
Budget - economy
Midrange - premium economy 
S10e/Xr - business
Flagship - first class
Hello br0o I am from pakistan. Can you tell me which one is the best camera phone please☺
OMG THAT CAMERA WORK. GOD BLESS KUKA ARM AND MKBHD
What about the Huawei mate X? Only Samsung here lately.
Design and look of back camera module is cheap. Thank God it comes in black and white also.. the back of the iPhone xr looks way better (especially in colored variants)😃😃😅
They hid the camera by Baymax's eye
the wallpaper makes me wanna buy that!!!
Botch my laptop has 4 gigs
I had it and it wouldn't let me copy and paste in most texts, the fingerprint won't recognize my finger when it was wet or sweaty, and the screen is slippery I ended up liking a few pictures by mistake. The screen it is too sensitive to touch. I returned mines :(  I liked it though.
I love that it isn’t curved like the others.
Those Camera angles when listing the big 3 at 0:55 tho ...SO DOPE ...Love it !!!
I don’t understand why a fingerprint reader in the power button isn’t the future. Of course under the screen fingerprint readers will be great but when they aren’t that good at the moment why not perfect them and have the power button solution for now.
0:18 e stands for 'economy'
Anyone knows of a good regular s10 review? I want to see a comparison of the battery life with the s10e... Since where i live their prices are almost identical
I've looked everywhere but nowhere sells the pink one . Where can you get this ? Even on the Samsung main websites they don't have this ???
A midflag phone xD
Still a cool phone for that price!
Does it charge other phones like the s10?
The $750 price range should be called 'Sanity' because that was the last sane price for a phone.
S10e should be the real S10 and the S10 is the S10 Edge then the S10 Plus is the S10 Edge Plus, just like the S6 series.
The dislikers are the iPhone X followers.........
Hmm "Perfect wallpaper" *_*
Crispier day by day
That's a thumbs up from me👍
"e" stands for "economic"
MARK ASS
looks like an amazing phone.
0:58 that's a slick camera transition 
love it :)
Mark ass  brownies
The wallpaper is the only reason that I'm getting s10e
The wallpaper is savage!!
Love Samsung but can't Effort it :(
essentials
I wish the camera hole on the display is at the left side of the screen instead of right. It is less noticeable like the Samsung A8s or nova 4
This phone business is very serious to people it’s becoming very strange phones will replace people very soon it so sad we are turning into machines good by to human race we are dooomed.
S10e plus????
If I was an Android user, this would be my choice. All other Android flagships are way too big to my hand.
Samsung Galaxy A50 is about to launched too.
Marques. You need to stop cutting your own hair
how much Samsung pay you for fake review????
Chutia bhosdk
I say no, because Sony !
why not? because why pay 400 worth phone 800
I Am Here
@mkbhd please do a review on Nokia 9 pureview please please please please please please
Just for the record I’m and apple fanboy.
LOOK AT THIS APPLE! WHY CANT YOU DO THIS APPLE?
This makes me want to get a Samsung. The design and the smaller size is what has me sold!
All great just maybe gave a bit more battery capacity close to s10 or plus. Then I would just fucking buys this and a note 10.
"The same size side bezels"? Not really. The side bezels are actually thinner on the Galaxy S10e than they are on the iPhone. Take a good look. The chin is thicker though.
Sir ... Have u made a video on redmi note 7 pro ?
what about calling it economy premium like on planes?
Better then nokia 3310
MARKASS BROWNIE






Still can't forget that
900,000$ quite the phone price.
I wanna buy this phone but I like just bought air pods and I have a mac book and the new ipad
why do people say blacks are destroying america and committing all the crime?
Amazing how you can make 6 videos on galaxy s10 models in the past month.
Should the next generation iPhone have a hole punch display ?
E - economy class
The thumbnail was immensely creative.
Who came here after seeing the wallpapers
Why in the world you are so decent?? Love your videos.. Keep up the good work.. Peace✌️
The wallpaper is awesome
Amazing vid
Tbh I am by far not really a Samsung fan, but this phone just looks stunning! I love that design!
suggesting high end for 750-800$, and flagship for ~1000$
I am left handed so...
It's another failure from Samsung. Better I will buy something else
Samsung. A very insecure camera lock up, awful custom UI with unessential functions, Bixby and short and awful slow software support.
Best phone under 1004 $ please tell me...........
It's sad that 750$ phones are now considered budget phones...
new phone name for the price range "poor but rich range?"  "rich but poor range?"  anyway would love to get my hand on the new s10 plus ,but I properly have a higher chance at getting hit by a delivery truck full s10 plus's and then getting fined for jay waling, only to wake up after a 2 year coma having to find out that Samsung no longer makes phones!!!!
whose camera is better s10e or pixel 3?
0:57
That was amazing
TAKE NOTES APPLE.
*its rewind time*
Welcome to another phone review with *Mark Ass Brownie*
high range
How's the software been on Samsung lately? That's what I like about OnePlus phones.
iPhone 8 is still the best deal for iphone
S10e
-Amoled

iPhone Xr
-IPS

Same price but note same hardware...
Where do I get the sweet BayMax background
I'd honestly call the price point for this "Mid-ship", since they always seem to be cheaper spin offs of the balls-to-the-wall flagships.
let's call it Flagship Entry.....
Don’t listen to this guy. This is the same guy who said the iMac pro was the best computer ever
Those robot shots are CLEAN AF!
Mast hai yaar!!!👍
That looks like such a right handed phone...
Nine hundred thousand dollars?
e for an economy model.
lol, galaxy bugs to galaxy buds
S10 economic?
Wow,  I can see Baymax in the background at 0:50
Really want the pink one in the UK
Good Enough
galaxy s10e so cute all small like a bumble bee :) but power like optimus prime :)
I guess this speaks for how widely this is adpoted, but for me I need the s10 for the higher resolution in VR.
Expectations of Poco f2 ?
I saw that robot camera shot :)
High end/premium 
Midrange plus
Midrange 
Budget

Will he see it?
I have a $50 Motorola smart phone, it can just about everything but has lag and freezes with heavy use or with snapchat. Even so, I will never again pay hundreds of dollars for a phone that is engineered not to last past three years and that can't be easily repaired.
Can someone tell me is s10e a good device for playing pubg and publishing videos on utube ?????
because it can be unlocked with a picture
😂when u came to comment on walpaper...and its already sold.😂😂😂
PLEASE GIVE LONG TERM REVIEW OF ONLY S10!!
Bruh I love that wallpaper  but  I got the plus
2nd Flagship? Or what's the ship next to a flagship?
Major question! Why is the second camera on the iPhone XS not an actual camera I need this answered!!!
nice
Clever wallpaper choice 😄😄
I have a better name suggestion: "insanely overpriced". It's not 3x better than a $200 Nokia 6.
MKBHD SAYS ABOUT SAMSUNG GALAXY S10e                                         ITS 750 DOLLARS PHONE IT IS ABOVE THE MIDRANGE SEGMENT AND LOWER THAN THE FLAGSHIP PHONES WHICH COSTS LIKE NINE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.                          I WAS LIKE : I WOULD RATHER BUY A FERRARI THAN BUYING THAT FLAGSHIP PHONE 🤑😎😎😋
The e stands for essential
It is better than iphone xmas in all aspects 😎
I just noticed how the wallpaper hides the punch hole camera perfectly.
How about making a "premium" tier placing it below the "flagship" tier and above the "mid-range" tier?
Hey so my s10 plus goes from 100% to 98% in just 2 minutes of use. Is this normal?
Any benchmark tests for this vs s10? Would love to see that
Anyone else notice that the video he decided to show was a highlight reel from Ultimate Frisbee? He just gained even more respect from this viewer :)
MARQASS BROWNLEE
Named it Flagship Budget
Thinking about switching to the S10e from the iPhone XR 🤔 I’ve been an iPhone user for a very long time but I’m wanting to get something else for a change. May just do it.
@Marques Brownlee could u please send it to me the phone please please
Why disney is not putting a copyright tag??
Not sure about the phone.. But i want that wallpaper now!!
Copying xperia now?
China is a copy cat no doubt responce from india
$900,000! Hahaha, very midrangy!
e economic LOL
 e eeeeeeee  
 e edgy
e emoji
e eater
teen
tbh kinda sad you cant get a bigger version of the s10e. My hands are hella big and its hard to type on a 6.2 display, if they just made a bigger version then i'm sold. Probably gonna stick to the s8+ for now.
Is there a heart rate scanner on s10e ?
Honor view 20 vs Samsung galaxy s10 e
a 750 dollar phone with a fingerprint reader that's no faster than a 190 buck one (Huawei Mate SE)
This does not compute
Samsung s10 or iPhone x ur opinion what should I buy coz I can only afford one.
Still too much money. There's no longer a need or reason to chase the flagships, or even this E reduced version. Can get a perfectly fine phone for half that price now.
Damn when did flagships become $900,000
Flagship budget 👌👌👌
We love mkbhd presentation and home setup.... but we don’t have 8 million subscribers 😂😂😂😂
midrange flagship
I want s10e, but s10+ battery is much better☹️
Honestly. Smaller in the hand? Side fingerprint reader? I'd rather have this than the S10
When you don't even need the specs in 'flagships' because they're basically just luxury devices now
Last year with $720 you could get the flagship: The S9... But now $750 is considered a budget phone... :(
I prefer the smaller size and the flat screen, not to mention the price!
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.". 

   Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping people from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteous. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Excellent review. Objective and honest.
Came for the wallpaper, stayed for the incredible review. I dunno but this one was better than usual.
Wow, phones are now $900,000!!!???😂1:15
00:58 awww! I like the way you don't use it very often because you have them. Loved it.
Does S10e have edge lighting?
Who else came for the wallpaper?!😜😂
e = economy?
Soooo 3:48 playing cards???
0:57 Good job on that camera movement man, very nicely done
Can you do a Samsung Galaxy S10 vs Samsung Note 9 video??? That would be great.
Van
Woooooow
it's *Enthusiast*, between Mid and Flagship: and the *e*
Nice wallpaper bro
Awesome video, gonna get myself a 10e
He’s videos are so high quality, he’s like a film producer
$700~ economy flagship
This is a better phone than the S10 fr
S10e > XR
So it doesn't qualify for budget phone for the Smartphone awards?
Yall usin the kira robot now???
I got the s10 and I use the homer Simpson holding a donut to hide the ''holepunch''
S7 flat is the most premium design
Entry level premium?
Why's everyone so hyped about the fingerprint slide down notification thing, Pixel's had it since 2016 🤔
Video quality is awesome your content is amazing
I propose "Standard" as the name for the range between Mid range and High end phones.
Best wallpaper phone ever.
Nine hundred thousand dollars ?
e = economic version 

not sure but makes pretty good sense.
Will u do free phone give aways I wish I had a iPhone x 😪😫
I really commend Samsung on avoiding the hole notch trend. I really didn't mind "thicker" bezels at the top or bottom.
900 thousand dollars
Will you do a review of the Xperia 1?
Hey could you do a review on the Motorola Moto G7? I'm looking to buy one soon and I'd love to know your thoughts.
Amazing video this phone is amazing
I'm happy with my galaxy s9
I like the fingerprint scanner on the power button.
Any significant drawbacks/changes switching from iphone to this?
Hardware-wise, the Samsung Galaxy S10 series are excellent phones. The big downside: the slow updates to Android itself, since Samsung uses its own _One_ UI on top of the Android code. Hopefully, Samsung implemented the _Project Treble_ program of Android code updates, so the Galaxy S10 series will get the update to Android "Q" a lot earlier than before.
ok. if i was looking for a brand new flagship the S10e is definitely the phone for me.  though i would get worked up over the hole punch display.
@mkbhd I think the e is for essential. I think during the Samsung event video the phone was described as the one with a lower price tag but with all the 'essentials'.
If it were up to me, the 'e' would stand for Economy
I loved the baymax wallpaper
Kearny... Is that what the K is?
i've had it for a week now and as a left hander, it's a pain reaching the fingerprint sensor with the left index. worst part is it needs you to place the finger flat on, which is hard to do reaching up that high. thats my only complaint though...
I've been using iPhone 5s for 4 years and I'm trying to decide between XR and galaxy10se now which one should I get
Entry-level flagship.
Now mi, vivo, oppo will copy it's front side 😂😂
I love the screen size..its compact
Lagsung...is like Goodyear tyres...only good for a year......
Mad respect to you MKBHD for showing love to big hero 6, one of my favorite disney movies of all time!
The battery is bad, only 6 hours normally use for bussiness duty.
Can you do a comparison between this and the XR?
Better than the regular S10
MKB absolutely Awesome review and I agree they should have named it LE for little Extra it does really look nice and that Color is sharp.Thanks so much for sharing Deb 😉👍✌
E is for Everyone!
Can you make a video dedicated to wall papers for the s10 phones
The only thing that's missing is marques brownlee and fortnight
I would call this category sub-flagship
Srl!? I have a S9 but it costed 900$! How is that cheaper
That ugly 4 column grid size 🤮
rockin ur fone naked? fingerprint reader on the power button? trash! i dont think i need another fone after the 3,4,6 & 8
I keep hearing that the 10e is better
Oof those robocam shots!
Honestly I rather have this fingerprint  scanner over the ultrasonic, the technology is cool and all but I rather have the more accute and faster scanner
0:57 we need it more in a video
Best Nails in the Biz
Why would anyone want to spend $700  on this or IPhone 10r when they can buy a Nokia 9 running Android one and crazy camera? Just my thought.
Bruh the iPhone XR killer
Still think I'm going from the pixel 2 to a One Plus phone.
What do you think about the Samsung A7?
I like how these wallpapers are making the phone look, it almost looks like there’s no notch at all. The baymax one is so perfect too lol 😄😆🥳
I want to upgrade from my G6. The S10E will fit perfectly.
e stands for "essential
Would anyone recommend this as a upgrade from the galaxy s8
*Flagships are 900,000 dollars*






MKBHD predicts phone prices 2050?
Med pre?
E stands for Extra small
E stands for "Lite" maybe 🤔
Wallpaper
"Here's the big three" [lists four things] lol
Ohhhhhh most hipe on instagram
It's a really overpriced phone when you look at OP6, you're basically just paying for that samsung logo and getting only less.
Just call it Premium Economy
Overpriced junk. You can get a OnePlus 6T which is a better all around phone for $300 cheaper.
Horrible phone and this android system is shit
stupid punch hole camera, even more dumb idea than the notch, it would be better if they offered a model without a front facing camera, all display
I was sold at flat screen. I hate the infinity display. literally the only downside is battery in my opinion. I know I'll end up with a battery case within 6 month anyways though.
THE K STANDS FOR KEARNY, at :47 seconds look next to the head
I LOVE the flat screen! I've disliked the curved screen on my s7 edge since getting it. Can't wait to upgrade to the s10e
Marques, flagships are like $900,000 now(1:14-1:16)?
Call it a Midship
I’d call it, low key flagship
I’m done with boring ass iPhone I tried it for a few months it’s depressing and limiting I miss free streaming and unlimited apps and etc so I’m getting the 10e to get back into android
If this had a 4000mAh battery I'd seriously consider it.
1:13 "Flagships are $900,000 
Wife: Honey we did it! We have enough money to buy our dream house"
Husband: *holds galaxy s11* um about that...
Wife: I'm divorcing you.
Marques says "we need a new name for this". Well, can I just say that the "e" in "S10e" is for 'Equality' as it is very balanced and equal to any other major flagship phones out there. Overall it's just very balanced. So the name should be called "The Galaxy S10 Equalilty".
Can you send me this samsung galaxy. I am your biggest fan.
I LOVE the 10e. No curved screen 👍. Just wish it was bigger. Something to think about tho 🤔
Looks really good
10e -> Ten e -> Tiny
Marques, the "e" is for "Entry level".
One of my favourite youtubers...
yo I bought an iPhone XS the day it came out and I’ve been an apple user forever but this is the closest I’ve ever been to switching. that’s one pretty phone
e Entry! Let's go baby!
Holy snap that baymax wallpaper almost made me think s10 is all screen :o
1:20 why not budget flagship?
E is for essential.
Love the placement of baymaxs eye on the camera. Very clever haha
Damn its review time
Remember when you could get a flagship phone for £400?
E is for economy.
Thank you. Finally someone who stops calling $750 phones budget. Since there not. They are premium and the $1000 phones are just super premium.
How about Junior Varsity Flagship!! LOL
Isn't flamingo orange?
e = economy
You can pull down the notification panel from the fingerprint scanner on the S8, too
That camera movement thoooo
That hole punch looks so annoying watching videos.
The $750 price point is the upper middle class of smartphones
that Kira shot tho
Way better deal than apples icrap Xr
Wtf no one heard him say $900,000
1:13 $900,000 sounds about right 😏
bruh that baymax wallpaper is dope!
Funny enough, I consider it more premium because I can put a glass protector that won't fall off. FINALLY !!!
Wheres the podcast
OOF TO BAD IM LEFT HANDED
E stands for Excellence
Yo, I'm kinda digging that color!
dat ugly hole....
does the s10e have the edge panels? I personally really like them
I would want Fortnite and
How about a WALL-E wallpaper? 🤔
Anybody else having poor call quality with the pixel 3?
If my Galaxy S10 didn't come with free wireless earbuds from Samsung I would have got the Galaxy S10 e.

That said one of the things you mentioned was that you can pull down the notification shade from the fingerprint sensor on the power button... You can actually pull down the shade from anywhere on the screen, just like you could with the Galaxy S9 and 8. 

In your home screen settings it's called quick open notification panel, turn that on.
Galaxy S10e is so much better than iPhone XR....  and thanks Samsung for the flat display!!
The "e" in the S10e means it is an S10 "e"xcept the luxury specs that you don't want to pay for or need
Could u review the VIVO NEX DUAL DISPALY?
When I saw bay max on the thumbnail I almost threw up
"For a lot of people that wont even matter bcs they want just another iphone" Well said, this video and phone for people who look for a better device and not just for a nother iphone. So isheep no disliking, hes being right
To be honest I'm not a fan of Samsung's current screen design. Why some people buy an expensive phone with an awkward front camera punch hole cutout yet downloads wallpapers to somehow "cover" that cutout is beyond me. That ugly hole at the front to me is the same as notches. They would take some getting used to I agree but once you start watching videos /movies they ruin that immersive experience. Maybe that's why I still have my Note 8. I love the simple,  clean infinity display. A little top and bottom bezel is perfect. If the Note 10 will have that same pill shaped cutout then I have no choice but to just upgrade to the Note 9. That's just my opinion. I love Samsung but this time I didn't like their design choice.
Galaxy Fold review when? 😙
Tbh it looks like the other s10 models are only worth considering if you really want the larger screen
The Samsung Galaxy S10e is great competition for the iPhone XR. This new Galaxy smartphones are looking promising. Great review.
Off subject but I seen the word Kearny on your cell. By chance is that Kearny NE?
Timestamp 1:16 the flagships are $900,000
is the 10e bigger than s8?
Costs too much. I'd be all in for $600
$ 900.000!!!!
Watching on my iPhone XR
Perfect phone 🤤but still a bit to expansive for me though, gonna wait till the price drops
I'm a Samsung guy, used all level of samsung and was about to switch my S9 to 10E but that screen resolution is just too cheap. you can tell the color is faded and not as vibrant as the rest of the Galaxies. S8 has better screen color vibration then the S10E. I just like the small size of it. For now I'm sticking to my S9
Software updates lol
I took my S10 back and changed it for the 10e I hated the in display fingerprint scanner on the 10 so hit and miss if this had of been the flagship for Samsung this year I'd of been more than happy to me this is not a midrange phone let's just call it the cheaper flagship!!!
Entry Flagship
I love the S10 wallpapers
AHHHHHHH THATS HOT
Theres a fucking camera hole in the screen. Who thought this was a good idea.
iPhones have reliable os, but Samsung phone's hardware is exceptionally good, better than apple.  IMO
Do people really care about the camera on their phone? I like a decent looking camera you know, but that's not really why I buy a phone. If i want pictures I'll buy an actual camera.
To do an experiment,
●Like if you dont care that much for the camera(just want a decent looking camera)
●comment if you really care about the camera on your phone and it's why you buy a phone(comment why)
The "e" stands for essential
Big fan of mkbhd but this review was Terrible It felt more like a presentation that a review. He didn't sat anything definitive
How many people are you guys working on those videos? Visuals are crazy, it makes apple's shabby, I mean seriously WTF
this phone is perfect actually , just the right amount of all what is good . except for the price
Sub 2 PewDiePie
I've just swapped from my XS Max to an s10e as my daily. Still find myself watching most videos on the iPhone,  but at basically half the price, the s10e is a much nicer bit of kit for the money
That wallpaper though.
Thank you, mark ass brown lee
budget flagship
Who else prefers normal fingerprint readers to the under glass ones?
1:23 - Premium Economy.
gud review = instant sub
MKBHD what's your preference on navigation bars? My friends tell me it's not useful but for someone who watches YouTube a lot I think it really is. ( mind you all of those friends are iPhone users)
I held all the S10s in store the other and the e was my fav.  Felt like an Iphone.
saving for the note 10
Bought prism black S10e and omg what a powerhouse in single hand. They finaly hit the design and I could finaly got rid of the iPhone. Here is what I want for S11e! Make it with 1mm chin and frame all around.
Where to find this wallpaper?
Whoever made that wallpaper, you are a g
Those robot arm shots are mega your production level will always be the benchmark for YouTube.
Step up from the iphone? Nice joke, the software itself is 100 steps back
Just call it Budget+ its like a normal airline seat with a little more leg room lol
Half way through the video I just notice that you use the front camera as Baymax's right eye
These wallpapers are getting smart.
I JUST NOTICED THE CAMERA WHAT BAYMAX'S EYE
900,000 dollars!?
Idk why I'm watching this when I got the s10 plus. Well aside from the fact that this dude is pushing a quality bang for your buck phone. Good review
Please push more against the manufactures by telling the truth like you did here 🙌
People want flagship phones for $500-700
Prices for a flagship phone now are so ridiculously high and they are just growing.
Is anyone else just AMAZED by the s10/10+/10e wallpapers to hide the front facing camera(s) 🔥🔥
0:57 using KIRA Robot Cam?
If only the S10E had better battery life. Sticking with the 6t
Wooww! That wallpaper is awesome
I think I like the phone but HATE the color.  Do they make a case to cover that ugliness?
If there's only bigger screen S10E 😭😭😭
The "e" is for Ecoboost😂
Midrange - Premium = midium. 

It is OK to use it in the future
I just got my s10 today. Love it! Was debating in the s10 or s10e. Good to know that I wouldve gotten almost the same thing.
The “e” stands for essentials
0:57 woooooah!
Oeeh I love the swipe down on the power button for the notification centre!
:46 that is an amazing wallpaper.
The Verge say in their review of the s10e that Samsung told them that the "e" stands for “essential”.
Watching  on s10e
samsung galaxy s10 (e)conomy lol
still 6g ram is better than iphone Xr
Is that wallpaper on the Macbook at 1:46 a related artwork to the cover of Gunships album art? :) Very similar if its not haha.
Make a giveaway of Samsung Galaxy S10e.
Marques make smartphones look to nice
*only* pink?
That wallpaper makes me happy 😊
Who else paused the video to download the wallpaper?
Thanks for the info s10e👌🏼
you take your time with this reviews and it shows!!
love it'.
I want the flat screen HATE the stupid curved screen!
Can you take photos with the bokeh effect with the s10e?
It was originally called the Samsung Galaxy S10 Executive...
4:14 , flat-earth supporters explaining the difference b/w earth and mars
Which icon pack are you using ?
Why Not?
Because we're not selling out like you... Mark ASS Brown Licker!
Haha, love that wallpaper
Flagship costs 900,000
This is so stupid people buy the s9 next year they buy s10. Waste of money same thing
Does the ‘e’ stand for ‘entry’ perhaps?
I can pull down the notification bar with the finger print reader on my Galaxy s8 that is not a new feature
The big three:
*lists four things*
You know what this is right? This is Samsung telegraphing the end of the "edge" display. It's cool, but not cool enough to cause me to spend a bunch of money, and the cost to build is probably WAY less. I don't have that figure, of course, but I've felt this coming for a while. Just like the folding phone...and 3d tv...it's ok...a little wow factor at first...but...
Also, nobody NEEDS an ultrasonic fingerprint reader. More people are probably wondering how to immediately secure their phones in case of being mugged and having everything immediately available to a criminal with "just a finger".
Looks pink.
I don't want in screen FP readers. Back or side is fast and reliable.
Definitely gonna be one of the best phones of 2019
I would've seriously considered buying a S10e+
I see Marques is wearing the Jordan 1 Couture
Damn your videos are so smooth i cant leave without pushing the like button
Bro I like when you hide the camera like the video before like wall E
hey mark ass brown lee
Quote Marques Brownlee: "The flagships are like ninehundredthousand dollars."
1:13 Made me laugh. Are US aircraft carriers actually that cheap? 😋
I would get this phone just for the wallpapers
Why not? No its must
1:48 "DIRECTOR: Me".  XD
Just budget flagships (getflag or budships or getships :DD)
Isn't the resolution lower than s10
amazing video! MKBHD please I would love to know where you get the android mini figures.
It's because the S10E only comes in 1080p, unlike the flagships which come in at 1440p.
Mark ass has lost his mind. Reasons to get S10 over S10e LMAO.
I have a new S9 64gb, but after updating to oneUI when i press the power button to turn off the screen, there is like a 2s delay before it turns off, it should be instant but isnt, any ideas ?
im getting bored of my iPhone x.. i have it since launch. maybe ill try this s10e. looks sweet
Hey what’s up guys, i’m kip EHD here. -best subtitles 2019
Not even considering a new phone right now but always gotta watch his videos. So good
Any idea what the fingerprint reader is like with a case on the phone? Feel like it might get awkward...
I would call the segment: upper midrange
E stands for Essentials
6:31 Kinda explains 90% of Apples buyer base.
I love that you render these videos for phones...  it’s so nice
OK SO! We went into our local Telus dealer yesterday gunning for a new phone. I was gunning fore the s10e. But i left with a Note9...why? The screen is MASSIVE and it was 0 down on a 2 year contract. PLUS you get alot more with the Note9 for the same price so why the hell would i pick the 10?
e=economical
In Norway It's expensive. :(
Where can. I get that wallpaper
Waiting on iPhone!!!!!
Any body else staring at the limited edition tesla surfboard?
At the 1:15 mark, Marques usee 900 thousand instead of 900 dollars 🤷🏾‍♂️
Ahhh that's hot... that's hot...
You convinced me to switch to S10e. Thanks.
Mark Ass Browning
Galaxy buds review please!!
The phone wallpapers are dope
Fuck beymax
This wallpaper - the eye doesn't line up properly with camera and I can't stand it! Aarrrgghhh!
So... there's a student deal on the samsung store where I could potentially trade in my S9 for the S10e and pay only about $185. However I'm not so sure about this since I'm already quite satisfied with the S9 and I like the fingerprint sensor on the back. I also like the fact that even though the screen is the same size, the S9 doesn't have a hole on it and the body's actually thinner than the S10e (so it's easier to hold in one hand). I feel like I'd be getting an upgrade on the internals but a downgrade on the exterior.
That wallpaper is amazing!!
The s10e is waaaaaaay beatiful than the s10/plus
Samsung sucks
Medium Well Phones
is it possible to have a phone, 0% bezel without front facing camera, I don't take any selfie, i don't need front camera
Markass brownie
| •-----• |
been using the s10e for 4 days, upgrading from s7 and I'm disappointed in this phone.  I skipped 8 and 9 because I hate the curved screen. first off, if you use instagram or snapchat the aspect ratio is off. selfie cam is super zoomed in. even if you use the dedicated instagram feature in the default camera, it's still super zoomed in. my understanding is that app developers for instagram and snapchat have not optimized the platform and won't be for a few months. also, Samsung health, cannot use heart rate monitor anymore. app is useless. never thought I'd say this but I'm returning and switching to iphone xs.
Boy that wallpaper :0
I think i have more scren because is only 1 camwra
The wallpaper play on the punch hole, MAD PROPS!!!!!!!
Realistically should be like $499 or 599
Always enjoy your videos 🔥
From South Africa
i knew youtubers made bank. they’re ballin’ if they can afford $900,000 phones
1:14 - yh I agree *900-Thousand* dollars are too much for flagship nowadays! 🙄
I want a wallpaper with those Kodamas from Princess Mononoke for the s10 :)
This type shit kills me. It makes no sense to push out this new under the screen finger print scanner if the shit doesn’t work as fast or as fluent as the older ones. It’s literally a step backwards. Shouldn’t they hold on to that tech until it’s as fast or faster than the older ones? If I’m buying a brand new phone I expect all that shit to be upgraded and faster. Until it’s on par with the other ones it’s just a gimmick imo 🤷🏾‍♂️
I want the yellow one so much☹️
Can you discuss phone radiation in a video? Samsung apparently has the lowest radiation, while OnePlus and the iPhones have a lot more radiation.
When you did the front facing view of the phone I thought that there was no front facing camera because of the wallpaper
Still prefer the wall-e wallpaper of the S10+
That transition at the 1 minute mark was so clean and smooth, loved the editing in this one 100%
'E' stands for 'essential.' They intimated this during the keynote.
Watching this on my Note 4.
I wouldve got it if it had the same quality screen
Is mans situated in NJ ?
I wouldve got it if it had the same quality screen
6 gigs of ram *seems* like enough?!
 Just think how far we've come from the Apollo 11 computing
One plus 6t or Samsung s10e?
Is the Galaxy S10e smaller then an iPhone 6?
Yes, but S9+ is about 500€ in my country. Should i spend an extra 250€ for S10e? How much better are the cameras and the display?
Shill, there and everywhere...
i really don't get the big deal with wanting no bezel in phones..i don't mind it and i'm really not a fan of edge to edge displays.. i mean our fingers have to go somewhere..
250=budget, 
500=Midrange, 
750usd = Highend??
900-1000=flagship,
1250=moron who overpaid for basic nand storage
Oh, was that the K in MKBHD? "Kearny"?
this guy´s videos are jus so amazing...
Not a flagship, but a destroyer, or battleship, or similar
4:32 hold up, that’s a xs max right? Because if that’s a regular xs and the S10e is that much smaller I’m gonna buy that shit right away because I currently have a XR and it’s too big
My friend has one ;-; and I have an iPhone 5S still
Galaxy S10e has 1080p display hence it doesn’t have the resolution settings 😅
Great video man 👊
Looks like an iphone
2013 = $450 dollars is way too much for a phone 



2019 = $1250 is a normal phone price
100% true though failed to mention collaboration with samsung :)
Thank you markass brownlee, very cool!
This phone looks amazing I think I would swap my mate 20 pro for this if I could
e is for everyone
It’s just not worth it. S7 edge will be my go to for least another year or more likely two.
Apple is crying right now... Sammy just wiped the floor with them in every possible way lol
The fact that this is a 1000$ + phone and still has a laggy interface (15fps animations when swiping fast) is disgusting.
E stands for Essential. I work for a mobile phone retailer in the U.K. and my Samsung Rep confirmed it means essential 👍
Hi Marques I would love to see a Surface Book 2 review from you ;)
Oh man please do more of that camera work @ 0:59 I went back like four times. It’s so gorgeous.
So the 10e has this swipe move on the fingerprint reader to control the notification center? Wow, it's actually really cool to see that Samsung did think about it.
What about the S9?? Pretty sure it's cheaper than this and still great
please do a 'What's on my Tech" video with this phone
The e stands for essential. Like so he finally knows what it is and see this comment.
e stands for Economic
That wallpaper is amazing
The “Notch” would trigger me if I was watching 10 hours of complete whiteness...
Am i the only one appreciating the baggrund???
I honestly am having a hard time deciding what phone to get. I love the flat screen and the finger print on the S10e but love the screen size and quality on the S10 Plus. I watch lot of movies and stream content a lot. Money is not an issue. I can afford both phones but cant decide which one.
i stoped caring about phone after 2 minutes, your video and editing are amazing
The e seems like a much better fit size-wise in your hand. But 750€ is just too much.
I love that you used the camera arm that you reviewed in your dope tech
Markass brownlee
Minus the brouhaha over Samsung's latest, the S10e I would buy. Still too damn expensive, but the size and function(s) and the CPU would allow me to keep this phone for the next 5-10 years.
Love my S10e!
S10 e stands for essential, they mentioned that in the keynote “an s10 with all the essentials.”
E for economic 😁
But Da from the Flagship Phones... ;-(
End of Apple
How did you do that thing with the camera on 1:00? epic!
Just to make sure, does it still have the reversable wireless charging?
Mid-range flag ship
I really want to get out the apple's system. But android in China got really poor support. such as official App store. I know android has google play but it does not work on China, and some third part app store for Android really does not safe. Safety stability and update cycle, this three elements are why i still stay with apple's product.
Essential I heard....that's what the e is for
Am I going crazy?! How has Samsung fooled everyone into thinking $750 is a good deal!? Their $1000 phones should be $750 and these should be $400. Samsung released phones with 1440p screens for $750 in 2015!? Now they release 1080p phones for $750 in 2019!?!? And it's a good deal?
Call it "high range" lol. Then there's flagship after that
$750:Budget flagship
$1000:Premium flagship
Did anybody noticed he talked about the battery performance of this phone
Amazing review !!
This is a big Fcuk You to apple people
Those camera maneuvers at 0:59 though. Nice!
Affordable flagships
I would still get the xr because it is better for phone gaming unlike samsung ut crashes like crazy and also apple is more smoth
The wallpaper 🔥🔥
Very informative review.
Thank you Mr. Ass
We can call them the "Tier 2" smartphones
S10e 256gb ftw!
One more expensive RIP-OFF for stupid people with more money than sense. With a lot of features which you pay $1500 to over $2000 in just to Verizon and AT&T for the ‘privilege’ to use over 2 years. No one ‘NEEDS’ any of the features explained.
Can you review about xperia 1 please
It's just the budget premium phone nowadays 🤷🏻‍♂️
What's the 3rd app you have on the bottom screen on the right side
honestly not gonna lie impressed with the 10e I think  pound for pound the 10E is the btter phone, since it doesnt have all the 1st generation tec in it , Thought s10 still got better specs , and battery.
Is it better than the s9 tho
Would you pick the z3 or 10e
Might cop
This might actually be an awesome replacement for my iPhone X (late 2017). It looks awesome! I'm curious if Apple is able to top the S10 phones. I mean, I have an iPhone but I'm not the vegen apple ass eater as most of them out there. I just didn't liked previous Samsung phones.
Call them flagship jrs
I love all the idiots who actually care about all this shit. Spending hundreds on a new state of the art phone so they can use it for Whatsapp groups and Twitter.

Way to waste your money folks 👌
thanks for ear Rape
Nice job as always!!
We call it BREMIUM
Everybody who pays more then 300€ on a phone is just filthy rich. But fortunatly for samsung the prices drop quite fast compared to apple and you can find deals more easily.
that camera work @ 0:58 is sexy
This guy has no or very little background knowledge about mobile telecommunication technology and its industrial basis. Just blindly spitting stupid gossip like street bitches. Wonder why this guy has so many subscribers.
'e' stands for Essential. Has all the Essential specs and features.
I love the bezels on this phone. With the small consistent edges like the iPad Pro. Love it.
Or you could get the Xiaomi Mi 9 for 250 dollars less and its a better deal in every way.
Basically almost a flawless offering from Samsung?
Markass Brownlee does it again
Your reviews are becoming increasingly 'blah'. Firstly you say BIG 3 - then you make 4 points. Secondly, S10e specs more comparable to iPhone XS than XR. Finally, didn't learn anything new from this review... you're becoming like Apple, way behind, old news, and catching up way after the crowd.
Samsung S10e... 'e' stands for 'Essentials' :)
0:57 No ! You buy the robot ?! (You know what I'm talking about)
Moto X4 fingerprint reader is as fast as S10e, for reference
Looks awesome butI am still fine with my Samsung S8....
I actually prefer the flat screen than the edge type. This phone looks really cool
🤗
Did you need a few dollars so you made this review!?!?
It's not a review unless it's dropped!
He didn't even talk about battery life, what the hell
When I heard the phone vibrate at 6:37 I don't know why I thought it was mine.
The only reason to buy this phone would be if your old Smartphone is dead and you have 700+ lying around
Y d u put ur ads at the end
I just finished a run with the Galaxy S8. I went back to iPhone and got the XR. But now I’m like, damn the 10e is slick. But I wonder how the battery is over the whole day? Battery drain tests don’t test the average few hours of standby time where Apple excels at. My XR goes from 10pm to 5pm easily and has 30% left. (I work 3rd)  That’s why I left my GS8 is because the battery was horrible.
I'll keep my lilac purple s9+
The "e" stands for essential. That is official from Samsung.
750: Premium Mid
900-1000: Flagship
1100-1400: Premium Flagship
1400+: JustBuyADamnLaptopship
they increase the price cause they know consumer will still buy it... the only way to change that is to stop buying. Make them feels the power of consumers.
This time Samsung has lost it against LG in 2019
Big hero 6 :p
this phone flagship. £1000 phones flagyachts.
I fucking love that wallpaper
I would by the s10+ in two years when its cheaper than now, I do that and I always have a great experience hahahaha
Maybe e is for everyone
Seems like a great phone.
That Kira motorized precision motion kills me every single time. @MarquesBrownlee that would bring more character to an already brilliant review video.
When you putting those couch pillows for sale??
if chin is 2-3 mm taller it's not "just taller". It's twice the size.
6:11 I wish that camera module was also black colored the same as s10.
I like how the auto subtitles make him say at 1:13 that phones cost about $900.000😂
To be honest, the flagships do feel like $900,000...

So difficult to make an upgrade decision because of pricing. The risk is insanely high if you don’t like the phone you decide to try
that wallpaper brought me here. that is fucking genius
I love that we get smaller "high end" phones and I would probably have picked this one if it was not as wide as the S10 but since it basically is just as wide I will go with the S10.
0:57 *nut*
Premium, Super Premium and MEGA PREMIUM
The galaxy s10e reminds me of the back of the iphone xr
I'm coining it here, this price/ performance range shall be called Midships
900 k for a phone ah jesus 😂
It’s Galaxy S10, all day; every day.
that wallpaper though.
Y'all heard the mistake he made lol the wilful one ?
Look at that XR killer.
Name it epre. E premium. What does the e stand for? Nobody knows
The “e” according to Pocketnow stands for Essential. Idk if that’s true, but they’re reputable and usually know what they’re talking about
S10-ECONOMY
How does it compare to the S9? Does it allow for texting at a later time as the Galaxy S7 did but the S9 doesn't like the iPhone which is a big let down. Would you upgrade an S9 for it?
i want that fingerprint reader on every phone
I am surprised how we normalized super expensive phones, and $800.00 sounds like not such a big deal, that is insane.
economy
Very nice review 😍
" e " . . . . . . economy??
That was the Kira camera work from dope tech video at the 58 second mark
Do you get Samsung pay with the s10e? Really wanna know
comment if you ever used more than 4gigs of ram in your phone,
 like if you haven't
900000 dollar
1:44 Anyone who knows the name of this macbook?
peace
Want this one pretty badly, but I honestly can't drop $700 down that easily.  Payment plan could work, but still a tough investment sell.  Lol, do a giveaway dude!  Please?!
XP
S10e dont have 1440p screen, its max out at 1080 I think
When did you get a Monstro? Thought you ONLY had the Helium
You can't change the screen resolution on the s10e because it only goes up to 1080. Would you want to decrease the resolution to 720 for some reason? lol The s10 and the s10+ have 1080, FHD, and go up to 3k.
Honestly you had this from apple first. I guess they wait for them to release and make the same thing but take more time to make and improve it
what is the best between the S10e and the S9 ?
Guy from samsung told me, that e stands for essential
That wallpaper was actually good with using the holepunch cutout
On xiaomi mi max 3, 7 inch screen swipe down anywhere on the home screen you get notifications. Easy!
Do the speakers sound 10e?
& I got Samsung s10 ad
Apple left the chat
Samsung Galaxy S10e is better than OnePlus6T.
Maybe the e stands for economy or economic version
Watching this video then seeing you on Hot Ones made me like and subscribe!!!
I'll like to have green one but it's too expensive.
1:12 900 thousand dollars
Don't be ridiculous MKBHD, for the average phone user 6GB of ram is more than enough. There's nothing questionable or hesitant about that whatsoever. Everyone made such a big deal about the Pixel 3 only having 4 gigs and I use it on a daily basis with no issues whatsoever...just me.  Sometimes I feel like people just get used to having certain numbers/stats and just want them there to feel good, but half the time it's just unnecessary excess...
duude, do you have that robot precision camera in your studio?
So... That rgb pipe in the background. Link. please!
6 minutes of differences. What about the mate 20 that is $30-70 cheaper
I was gonna order this on Amazon then i saw the price,thank you next
WTF i need to know how he did the shots at 0:58
this is the best phone rn but op7 gon be lit
You're such a good tech-allrounder
That phone looks like a biscuit in your 🖐️.
750 isn't "premium midrange" lol.. That's value flagship price. Midrange is 250-400, premium midrange is up to 600 and anything above and below 800 is value flagship. 1000 is MAX I would ever pay for a device on contract and anything above a grand is stupid waste of money.
Nice video
*flagships are not 900.000 dollars :))))
These photos are great!!!
Cause its still too expensive.
its sub-premium ;)
The e could stand for (economy)
Look cool!!! But the home screen wall paper so nice .
well to the question "why not?" i can answer that.just buy the note 9 ffs it's a way beter deal than the s10e that's why
900,000 dollars?! That's an expensive phone. 🤣
That wallpaper! 🔥
You get a decent flag shit for 900k
We gonna appreciate the robo shots
That S10 wallpaper with baymax’s eye is clever af
Baymax ✋
It will be a better deal guys if we wait a few months
 Cause the price will be more cheaper
"Link below the like button"..... Love the subtlety and ingenuity Marques
I rent think having a smaller screen draws less power unless it has led pixels to push
In my country, S10e 128GB cost 660 USD, iPhone XR 128GB cost 940 USD.. so much difference in price compared to the US
The e stands for everyone. Since it's the more affordable one, the e stands for everyone is able to get it or it's the most suited for "everyone"
Don´t care about the rest of the video... just remember second 0:58 - 1:02
Just call it what it is: expensive. The more we say premium phones > $1000+ are okay, the more we make $750 seem "affordable". This isnt to speak on whether i cant afford a $1200+ phone, it's more of just hating the price trend thats been going on by the big manufacturers
Your wallpaper is *perfect*
Why are your videos so good
Please add the fingerprint reader to the Note10!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Really like S10E and wanted to have it but then only exynos variant in EU. Buy the way it costs more than 900$ in Europe
I would calle it Prepremium
So cute S10E 🤗
I love this compact size but price to high 😞
Oneplus mere then better option
Is the display smaller than the S6 I'm currently using?
Anyone else getting a little frustrated that the Baymax wallpaper doesn't exactly match up
do mi9 next, its camera beat XS max on dxomark, and is 500 euros
I love the color of this thing.
In my country a XR costs as much as an S10
Does the S10e have portrait mode?
e for economic
The 'e' means essentials
S tier, A tier, B tier, C tier lol
If I were to buy an Android phone, this would be it. I hate carrying around a $1k+ phone because It's inevitable that I'm going to destroy it. I hate notches, and I hate the hole punch cut out even more, but at least this cut out is really small. I love the finger print sensor being on the power button, that has always made the most sense to me, and that swipe on the power button to get notifications... genius! I've never had issues with having a 1080p display in a phone, I can't tell the difference between that and a 1440p display, and then you get better battery life. The iPhone XR display though... that I can tell. I also hate the curved display on the other Galaxy phones, because it causes color and brightness shifts on the edges and looks terrible. It also makes it really hard to hold. The downside though... I do want a bigger display. IMO, design wise, this is the best phone on the market right now. But I still don't like Android.
1:13 people he doesn't say 900K dollars. But 900-1000 dollars
Sub flagship
This is one of the most beautiful MKBHD videos I've ever seen.
damn flagships nowadays are $900,000.
That's pretty much my take as well. It's like, unless you just NEED the latest and greatest, you're going to be perfectly happy with the 10e.
No one needs any of those below to justify buying a phone
* Ultrasonic fingerprint reader
* Infinity display
* Telephoto camera on a phone

Only extra money allows buying an expensive phone
We should stop comparing the s10e to the Xr and compare it to the Xs instead
I want a girlfriend 😭
Mark ass brownie
I remember when I got the first OnePlus for £250 I understand phones are better now but 4x the price? Why do I doubt they have 4x the worth/spending/technology now
Hey Marques here in Canada, it's basically a premium because it's over $1000.
what a fking wallpaper.... camera is look like eye... oh god I need the phn now
please do a camera comparison with other phones comparing the s10e (specially the portrait mode)
appreciate your videos and they help me in my decision to upgrade my phone.
thank you :D
loved the cinematic shot to the phone nicely done
I love watching your videos on my iPhone X, thanks!
Honestly most people don't care about phone prices because they're financing them through their carrier. By the time they're done paying for a phone, they'll barely feel the difference between the S10, 10+, or 10e
I was going to return the S10 because of problems with the fingerprint sensor. However, after updating my S10 today, the fingerprint sensor is much more responsive. My error rate went from about 20% to less than 5%. It is also much faster.
Why would anyone 'hate the hole punch' - Especially when you look at ANY apple device with that bullshit notch.
0:57 that camera movement 👌🏻
I need this but I have a Apple Watch
Nice wallpaper to hide the camera
Samsung S10 E(conomic)... Right?
Holy moly with that camera work!
just going by the design of the notch, i like this one much more than the other s10 phones.
mi 9 review ?
Flagships phone for $900.000 🙄
I like how the camera is mixing with the phone wallpaper.
that robot arm  shots are epic......................... 00:57  to 01:01
Next Apple event, iWallapers- to hide notch, only 500$
Damn that wallpaper! Cleverly hidden the Camera. Nice work Samsung.
Hey .marques why didn't you do the samsung a9 review.
I think e stands for economy
" e " stands for " essentials "
It was mentioned in the keynote as this phone does have all the essentials....
How everybody on the internet missed that ?
I love samsung phones but i only can afford a midrange samsung smartphones A7 2018
You want This Samsung Galaxy s10
Does the s10e have the 3d touch home button like the previous generation galaxy devices?
Can we just appreciate the quality. It's getting better and better with every video. Keep it up Marques!
Not loving the on screen fingerprint reader, it's not as quick as the S9. Cant blindly unlock my phone like before.
That you cannot change the resolution on the S10E is so stupid SAMSUNG.
MKBHD should train these companies on how to cover a notch!
Dear brother, does it have Face recognition and Iris scanner?
i prefer the flat screen, only reason i got the s10 over this one was the preorder bonus of the buds making the difference in prices, since you dont get them with the s10e.
That wallpaper😍
The price of it puts it in comparison to the s8+ but the hardware and what you get for the phone is comparible to the Xs max. Samsung hold a W rn
I vote "3rd Tier" as this price range as budget = 1st, Mid-range = 2nd, this is 3rd, flagship = 4th
S10 economy...?
Not of a fan of the finger print scanner on the power button... Can't use a case, and I definitely need a case.
E=essential
Still more expensive than the OnePlus phones, which I believe has better specs??
You can't change the resolution because it's a 1080p panel
“Why not” should never be a reason for buying such an expensive item...
Can I remap the Bixby button to Google assistant? If yes, how?
Death to the left-handers !
There is one more difference: no heartrate sensor!
That subtle captain marvel feel in the intro! 👌🏼👌🏼
The little features on my S9+ like that swipe gesture on finger print sensor, the pressure sensitive forced touch on home button and others makes me love the S series so much.
PKMKB
There is only one color of S10e released in my city. The seller just want more ppl to buy S10/+ and make bigger profit.
He represents anything with class and I like it....
My problem with the S10E is, why is the screen resolution lower than on the older S9?
I feel like all the newer  phone coming out are just repetitive of the older models phone I have no reasons to upgrade until a software update slow down my phone or when a software update start draining my battery...
I absolutely love the notification sliding gesture. What a brilliant idea! I’d use that all the time.
The editing and camera work is like no other
Midrange premium... Just call it "cruiser range".
This phone so suitable for your hands
The Baymax wallpaper looks soo dope🔥
# mkbhd how was the battery ??
I'd actually buy the phone just cos of the wallpapers
SAMSUNG IS THE BEST
Damn that wallpalper is lit
Wow.. wow
Wow.. wow
Not come for the phone, but I love the cinematic in this video.
Watching this on my s10e
Maybe the samsung A50 just release in India for a better price (400$)
It's still an update from the S9 lol
Now compete that with Oneplus 6t or upcoming 7, i see what Samsung is targeting besides Apple!!
This wallpaper reminds me of how apple tried to hide the notch
Can we just appreciate that shot at 58 second... that was freaking amazing
Rip lefties...
I really enjoy you'r videos but I don't know what's the deal with the "fast fingerprint reader". How fast do we need it to be? The ones that are not fast, how slow are they? 30 sec to unlock? I don't think so. Do we get bored while unlocking a slow phone? We need to slow down and enjoy things more. Great vid! 👍
mid Premium
Call it BMW. More expensive than mid-range but not as good as premium.
The size is perfect man....that is the USP of this
How easily people's call a 750 bucks phone a mid range and cheap phone ...oneplus is way better...
How does a case affect the ease of using the finger print reader?
e for essentials.  :)
900.000 $ wow
Many people using iPhones are simply prisoners of the ecosystem. They don't even like Apple. That's sad.
Oh boy look at this eye candy at 0:58
Phones these days - 900000? Jeeez...
750 midrange? Ahuh ye 
High end is more accurate
1:01 ...That wallpaper is the smartest one yet!
S10e is perfect for me.... but unfortunately I can't afford to buy one
S10e(conomic)?
The "e" stands for essentials sir
Is apple fans still gonna buy iphone ? Samsung phones are beyond imagination of apple users..
Cool wallpaper though !
It's dope how his punch out front facing camera was hidden by the big hero 6's background
0:58 guess you got that kick ass camera you always wanted... Sweet effect bro, big up.
Should have saved the title for galaxy note10: why note?
Low-end
Mid-range
Battleship
Flagship

And these are the names of the smartphone tiers.

Amen.
Any Left-handed people have experience using the fingerprint sensor for unlocking and for the settings controls?
Best size! Love it! End the phablet-mania!
'e' = 'essential' :)
From my s10 training for work, the Samsung rep said the "e" stands for "essential"
Extra Medium.
also i think the "E" in s10e means EFFICIENCY.
Man the thumbnail 
It's amazing
Mid-range flagship? Mid-flagship? or just premium.  (like this rank order: basic, low range, mid-range, premium, flagship)
Thta wallpaper is dope🥰😍
Watching this on S10e  :-)
I will say that the 10e is the best phone for 99.5% of the Fandroid bunch.  However, those who wish to impress will pay the $1000+ for the "flagship" phone even though they don't need it.
haha. software updates. good one.
This new intro is dope
Pocofone F1: Budget
1+6t: Mid-Range
S10 E: Mid-High range
Apple: iSheep-range
Marques, where'd you get your L-lens cup thats in this vid!!??
Apple made this stupid price hike
and Samsung followed 

Dont but these phones because of the price 750$ are you kidding me, its the same as XR, price them 500$ and now we can talk
The editing tho...
0:57 using the MIA robotic cam I see, looks super clean👏🏿👏🏿
2:37 @marques brownlee, is "KEAMY" or "KEARNY" your middle name?
Everyone subscribe to pewdiepie
You should really be comparing this to the S9 because the price on that has just dropped dramatically.
Displayresulotion?
1080p, 1440p, 2160p
Why not, but why pink?
If you talk about India XR and S10e have a significant price gap.
These wallpaper is that he has for these phones are so cool
what about screen resolution? is it *1080p* ?
Gunna have to dislike for the outrageous black bars your not shooting a fucking feature length film.
E stands for Expensiven't
E is Elite😇👍👍
If you want the bigger phone for the telephoto zoom lens, rather wait for the Oppo 10X zoom to come out. It will put that to shame
New name should be budget flagship phones
i turned on the captions and it said that S10e is "thats tiny"
If you actually see the live event of s10e they say it stands for Essential.
I can't believe we are at the point where a $750 phone is budget category. 5 years ago that would have been a laughable price for even a flagship
the s10e is cool af
Who remembers flagships costs 350 USD? And that 1st iPhone was $499 and it was FIRST IPHONE
Personally i would get the xr
I got the s10e in the green, I absolutely fucking love this, I've always loved the galaxy range and I love the new Samsung one UI, everything is so smooth and I love theres no shit curved screen on this I hated that. The s10e for me is the absolute most perfect phone going right now. Headphone Jack YES, expandable storage YES everything else AWESOME. Go buy this phone people, I went and bought it on release only 4 months after getting the pixel 3 on my contract upgrade. Worth it
e refers to essential
Could you do a vid on s10e vs s9, I’m kind of debating both
The ultrasonic fingerprint reader is fast just that you shouldn't tap and hold it you should just tap it and then it will immediately turn on your phone
Does it have SD855?
Call them flagship - (minus)
(You’re welcome) 😉
I think the "e" stands for elite
Do a video on Best Budget phones
Thanks for keeping it real!! You just saved me money! I was planning on getting the S10 just because its the newest version of my S8 but if there isn't much difference I will end up going with the S10e
1:14 flagships are now $900000
I'll have to hold on to my Nokia 3310
$900k phones? Sign me up
Is that a tiny OneWheel on your desk?😍
The fingerprint reader/power button being on the top right side is clearly a lack of alignment of the software developers with the hardware developers.
oneUI is awesome because it thinks about your hand placement and movement over huge phones, so you can access everything without remanaging your hands, then comes the hardware and make you reposition your hands every time to unlock the phone
What price of this set
They are premium economy :P
Galaxy s10e making beymax a creeper with that camera eye...
I'll call it a "BUDGET PRIME" (copyrighted) phone
Should I get the S10e or a Huawei view 20? Btw how are low light photos on a S10e if anyone can help. Thanks.
flagship phones aren't $900,000. just a tip
Subscribe to my channel please!
Is back glass slippery?
E - essential.
00:20  : E for Essential
Great! Who also waits until the price drops? Latest until the new iPhone comes out. S10e will be the best price-performance ratio phone out there by end of this year! 😊👌
I don't even have 6gb of ram in my PC
I have the s10+ and I noticed that the telephoto camera dosent actually do anything. When you go into telephoto mode in the camera it just uses the normal camera and digitally zooms in. Does anybody else have this problem?
Punch hole is more intrusive than a notch.
You are mastering editing this videos.
The *e* stands for compound growth.
E stands for Entry Level.
3:51 that literally looks see-though
Any give away?
How many of u watched the video because of the wallpaper..
I am really considering it..But I didn't think they should brand it separately to the S10 | S10+ | S10 5G. Kind of like the iPhone XR being branded separately to the iPhone XS and XS Max
Flagships are nine hundred thousand dollars!
e is for "whips apple's ass" edition
MKBHD, it's time for a galaxy buds review!!
Why is nobody saying what resolution the thing is?!
e stands for essential 🤦‍♂️. Everyone knows that. How come you don't know that?
Economy flagship. That's my proposed new name
4:07 more "still"s than Dr.Dre
Best Samsung phone to date.
A new name could be 'Premium-lite' ?
0:58 Am I on NETFLIX???
I like this phone and I think that its great and all, but one thing that bothers me... The gosh darn price! This is a budget "flagship". Its like the iPhone xr. Powerful but u miss features... No curved display, the fingerprint is on the side but smaller? The display is fantastic and the powerful chipset is nice as well, but at that price... Idk I feel like its about 100 $/€ too much...
Tesla app  anyone noticed?
I still want a galaxy S8 and still cant afford one :(
Not
if the price is same as xr...id rather choose iphone xr
Its not curve glass?
The e stands for essential.... they hinted at it pretty clearly in the keynote man.
I'm left-handed and planningon getting the s10e, is the power button a bad deal for me
BTW that wallpaper on that s10 e is awesome.... That how the camera acts like an eye
In iraq you can get a base model S19+ for just $720
Dont...don't touch the camera at the end.  It hurts my eyes :|
*Scratches at level 6?*
That wallpaper is amazing man
my 250 buck phone has done that thing of pulling he notifications down with the fingerprint reader since 2016XD
Man! We need 5inc Display Phone with Flat Screen.
But S10e is Close.
Thanks.
those j's are lookin creeeaaaased
In every category S10e is better than XR
Well Im just waiting for Apple to make a 100% screen to body ratio iPhone with 5k display. 😂
1:53 trycical tv enters the chat
Good review. I prefer the S10e to the XR
Using honor View 20 way better hole punch phone
1:16 is the flagships are like $900 000 


-Marques Brownlee 2019
Is your middle name Keamy?
Think the reason why the S10E has no settings to adjust screen resolution is because the display is only 1080p (well, at least 1080p in terms of a 19:9 aspect ratio). Not a knock on the display though as it's still excellent
MKBHD: owning a 100k Tesla but still travelling coach
Sloe Gin, fast everything else.
Someone shot baymax in the eye
So can we call it the Russell Westbrook phone cause of the "Why Not Zero" and if yes whose the S10 plus?Curry ?
@mkbhd 0:48 so does the “K” in the name mean Kearny?.... I know it’s a place in New Jersey
Is there a different between in the camera quality of its Exynos and Snapdragon variant
Exclusive range. For those who have money but not a lot of money to be spent on a phone.
I dig it, EXCEPT the fact that it has a chin dam it.
If anyone wanted the biggest battery then just wait for the Note. Also the S9 and probably s8 has the swipe gesture from fingerprint reader. Super useful for these tall phones.
Thats cool but you can still get a Note 9 with the same amount of money 👌
AAAAAAYYYYY
get a note9, you wil have a Spen with it, and it doesnt have a hole in the screen.
overall the note9 is just better than the s10whatever
Definitely a better deal than the flagships, I upgraded recently from an iPhone 6S to the XR, and it's a massive upgrade in all departments for me, not having used the higher end too much makes me not care as much as the tiny extra features that cost so much more. And for the price point, I think they'd fall under "Budget Flagship" because it's definitely flagship category just the lower end of it
I’m an Apple guy, so I won’t be buying one. But that is a gorgeous device IMO. And I don’t mind the whole-punch-camera at all. Nice work Samsung.
Premium Midrange is the Extra Medium T-Shirt.  We all know this MKBHD.  💪 😝
6:05 I think the camera module on the back would look more premium without the coloring 🤷🏻‍♂️
WTF my pc doesn't have that much ram
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Does anyone know how to get the wallpapers that hide the hole punch?
mark-ass brownlee
E stands for essentials
I really love the design of this phone... Like moreso than the s10
Performance
"budget flagships"
Watch the intro music at 1.5 speed.
Quality content
S10e VS S10? Which is better?..
Smartphones are stagnant. You still need a dedicated camera, you still need a wallet, you still need to charge it daily, you still need a case, you still have to many options tgat do not differ from one another with execption to price, it’s still to big to carry but to small to use. Typing still sucks. They are more useful than phones but suck at having phone calls. They have been cleaning up the design since the first iPhone and still can’t get it right. They still don’t feel like they are seamless when transferring information to a mac or pc. Now the whole concept feels outdated, leaving us with unsolved design problems as stated above. Seems like a waste of money to keep buying them for small bumps in convenance that should’ve been the complete package from the start.
@MKBHD...This phone looks super small in ur hand😂😂😂kinda highly noticeable for 1 with big hand
Does it have reverse wireless charging?
Pricing makes no sense AT ALL! For 2 to 300 more u can get the flagship, why would anyone buy this?
Kindly do the speed test between S10 vs iPhone 10X max
First time I ever considered a pink phone
Mid'rium range?
I don't want this phone, I want this telsa App on any phone I own. want tesla model x
$750 = light heavyweight

S10 = heavyweight

iPhone = WWE ladies
Which is better Huawei Mate 20 or Samsung S10e?
"5.8 inch is considered small"

*Punches air in frustration*
want your crush to like you??






like to activate
I don't like buying the second best phone like this one ( or Iphone XR, iphone 5C, Huawei Mate 20, etc). Here's my reason:
1. Phone like these will be easily forgotten, they will still be remembered as long as their big brother still the current flagship. Before you judge me on this reason, I usually like to re-sell my phone after 1,5-2 years. I believe its always easier to sell a flagship phone cause a flagship phone still has its prestigious value, usually more popular and more demand. Now that I mention prestigious value, what I mean is most people I met actually don't really know about the specification on paper, they just want the best one as phone is now considered as some kind of jewellery to lots of people nowadays.
2. Software update will most likely to stop before its big brother.
3. Price. The price difference from its big brother is usually not that huge if you factor in the resale value after 2 years.


What do you guys think?
don't you play any games?
Marques really likes to remind us that he has big hands. I suspect he is trying to make us believe he is packing down there.
Marques? Pls make a video on which phone to buy under 40k or 45k! On the previously launched flagship phones.. There are many with price lowered.. Not able to select one.. Plss make a video on it
I have an iPhone Xs Max, but if I were to buy the iPhone Xr,I would have bought S10E instead without thinking twice.it's simply a superior device.better in every way.
e stands for economical
Flagship is $900,000?? tf
Favourite  part 0:58 to 1:02
Saw this on Samsung Store here in the Philippines and I am inlove with this phone. Maybe it's time to have a brandnew phone on my birthday. Been using my S8+ for almost 2 years and I am done with the curve screen, broke it 2 times and it cost a lot of money for the replacement of screen. 😅
The portrait camera is a deal breaker for me 😢
Very nice video and amazing quality and clear colorful shots. Greetings from Germany :)
But is it premium
iphone XR has pixel comparable to Iphone 4  just think about it. u gonna buy that xr for 750 bucks with t echnology of year 2010. S10e is much more satisfying. By the way, this opinion is non sense because im on tight budget hahahaha
S10E -> SIDE -> FINGERPRING READER ON THE SIDE u welcome 😌😂
*_MARKASS BROWNLEE_* 


~Will Smith 2018
... owerpriced...display intrusion....burn in...other than that No1 phone...
Watching this on the S9, on of the few videos that fit the display well🙏
Smart wallpaper
Please review m10 and m20.
Really cool phone
If there was ever a time to bring back a category for a product, now is the time. Extra-Medium Phones!
How many reviews are you gonna make about the samsung 10?
Once I've moved to Note series(Redmi), I've put a minimum of one day for a smartphone battery life when deciding to buy one.
Intro tune???
Funny when Sony did the side fingerprint reader reviewers hated it, all Hail to Samsung!
That power button notification trick makes this better than the normal s10 already imo. It would be super convenient to unlock your phone and see notifications in 1 swipe.
These $750 phones are the premium economy class of smartphones. Economy being the midrange phones.
The video title just went super sayian
Call it old time price flagship
I heard 900.000 dollars lol
S10 is the one to get. Triple cam to dual cam is no bueno.
This video really made me appreciate your dedication to making your videos color accurate. The phone looks pink. In the verge's video the phone  looks like a combo of orange and pink.
Well.... Samsung makes OLED panels for Apple then why can't they have as small chin as iPhone
"Hey what's up guys i'm Kip EHD here"
So, I just bought the S9 (literally last Friday lol) and not sure if I should regret that purchase or not. Honestly, I'm incredibly happy with this, the battery isnt fantastic, but it lasts all day. Maybe the S11 or whatever the name will be, may make me upgrade.
Premium mid-range confirmed
When I had a galaxy phone I wanted an iPhone but now that I have an iPhone I want an android again lol this model looks amazing
Premium mid-range
It is like a busniese class flight but in emirates air ways
Hey!! I'm from future!!
Don't wait for iphone11 !!
Samsung is a good deal 👈
750 $ is premium. 1000$ is Premium as F. Nevertheless,  I couldn't agree with you more. s10e is the one to get.
We all came here for 0:58
1:14 $900,000 👀
That robot arm tho... Nice shots...
Because the hole in screen
These kind of phones should be called "the bang for buck" or the "no compromises cost cutting" flagships (or something like that) because high end budget is still like a OnePlus AT MAX. This is no way a "mid range" or a budget phone.
"It's not a better phone. But it's surely a better deal." ISN'T THAT EXACTLY WHAT WE GODDAMN WANT?
I first understood 900, 1000 dollars as 900000 dollars.... oops
Nigga u black
Director: Me 😁
Samsung stares the the e stands for essentials.
I also pull the notifications down with my fingerprint reader on my note 9  :)
Marques... I use a Galaxy S8 with a 1440p display... with Curves. Plus Rocking a GCam App It takes Sick Portraits too. 📷 Quality of the S8 is still Good. Will it be justified if I upgrade to an S10e?
Everything is good except motherboard. 
Samsung motherboard sucks.
0:50 THE CAMERA IS OFF-CENTERED
Finally pulled out the BOLT! That shot sequence was dope
Couple of questions I've had. One do you use a case for your phone, and if you don't what do you do to protect it?
Real men have pink phones ♡ thank u Samsung for thinking out of the box :))
Cause redmi 6a
That's genius the way you hid the camera
*I still want Google Pixel 3*
Also 128 gigs of storage on the base model as opposed to 64 gigs of storage on the iPhone XR.
750$ - semi premium,
 it looks like premium-ish, it feels like premium-ish but it costs like 3/4 premium
cuz its shit, thats why
Honestly its worth the extra $150 for the regular s10.  More ram, bigger, better, and higher resolution display, bigger battery, telephoto lens, ultrasonic, less bezel, etc. I just wish they had a flat version.
I am thinking of getting one of those with my savings of a year. But people are saying Samsung won't be the best choice for long-term usage. There are rumors that samsung phones gets slower over time. I have been suggested to get  one of those one plus devices. Is it true ? :/
Hey dumbass: The notification feature with the fingerprint sensor isn't new. It's been around since the s8
Well... There's Galaxy Sxx+, Galaxy Sxx, and Galaxy Sxxe. Let's try explain that using physics. S+ is proton(-); S is neutron(); and E is electron(-). So whole family has new names now. It's Samsung Galaxy S10+, Galaxy S10 and (my favorite - i want to buy it) Galaxy S10- :)

Later
TheVerge said "e" stands for essential. Sounds fitting
Does the s10e have apps edge??
It might not since it's screen isn't curved
The e in S10e stands for Essentials
Real simple straight to the point review— good job!
I have the s10 and I love it
nice, i need all this extra hardware to just use youtube and snapchat
It's a budget flagman
But can I unlock my phone with my (NRBF) NATURAL RESTING BITCH FACE?
We almost forgot how good it is to have a palm-sized phone nowadays. Oh btw, love that baymax wallpaper.
He had been talking about the fingerprint gestures for three mins . Those gestures were available since the NEXUS 6P 5 YEARS AGO
samsung made another possible grenade

wonder if this one has a bigger radius then the last 7
The E in phones stands for “economy” the more “economy” a phone has the cheaper it is.
hey what happened to matt black everything?
🔫🔫
*Nick fury would be great wallpaper also*
🤣🤣
1:15 nine hundread thousand dollars???😱😱
even though i can't afford S10e but comparing side by with S10 this device would be my preference, maybe because of even edges and forehead and almost chin if you never mind 2 mm
I hate the hole punch and also the notches !!!!!!
How about mid-range flagship?
The gesture thing is why the power button is placed high
I don’t like the edges on the normal s10 and s10+ so I would definitely go for the s10e because it’s more symmetrical
3:10 there's something touching the phone at the bottom
Mark ass brownlee
In the iPhone XR Pricerange and better than the XS.
LMAO the subtitle 1:20 😂😂 $900,000
OO! That swipe down the fingerprint sensor for notifications, I like that :) The S10e looks a great phone too. Samsung have done well again so far this year. The wallpapers are superb for hiding the punchhole.
E for the essentials ..
How do you feel about using the finger print feature on phones. Just concerned about where that data is stored and who's monitoring it. Also, how does the dual speakers sound. Thanks
e-efficient
Bring back the old intro please
Definitely my next phone!
daAm those robo shots are amazing
Even if I did for some reason not want an iPhone I have to always have one because I have an Apple Watch and can’t live without one
I cannot afford half of the stuff you review, but i still watch your videos!
Flat screen, One handed use, Good display


for me this is the best out of all the S10 but I don't like ONE UI
Its not the same price in India, We get iPhone Xr for 75000 INR and Samsunge S10e for 55000INR
"Budget flagship"
A 5.8" screen isn't small. I say this with a pixel 2's 5" screen. Give me smaller flagships!
How about we buy oneplus 7? Why buy this crap at premium price?
S9 way more beautiful
How does a left handed person use fingerprint
My iPhone XS Max has 3.65GB if RAM. Yes, it’s very noticeable. Some apps lag pretty bad. Just do a google search and you’ll know why I’m looking to switch.
Uuuuuhhh. 666 Dislikes.
Does the Dex mode work by just using a HDMI cable?
But does it have a curved screen?
Sorry but I couldn’t help it






Markass brownlee
with those giagantic hands pet me
Sooooooooo the S10e is basically a honor V20 with a better screen
this guy is obsessed with Oromo flag
You Can't Open Any Site Like Torrentz. Don't Buy Any Samsung Phones 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
BTW, the OnePlus 6 have faster fingerprint scanner 😁
It's a drawback for me that the 45-degree/52mm equivalent lens is gone. I like playing with the foreground and don't like the look of ultrawide photos, plus the other lens is already wide. But I recognise it's a matter of opinion and it makes sense that they went for the cheaper/smaller unit.
Logan Paul can't enjoy these colorful phones
Isn't e is for Essential?
I really dig this s10e, it's the right size!
Does it still have the Pulse sensor?
Does it have the 2-way wireless charging?
How about samsung galaxy buds
You need to make a wall-e wallpaper for the s10+
I would still almost recommend an S9 or even S8 due to the 10e's display only being 1080p instead of 1440p. 
I've grown to love my curved displays, and got the S10.
Have you been paid a million to push s10? Wtf man give it up
apapun hp yg direview, iklannya tetep, vivo v15.
"Entry Level Flagship" that's the name you are looking for.
the flagships are $900,000 apparently
if Samsung could only replace android or create their own OS.. I would switch.. great phone tho.
1:14 “flagships are like 900 thousand dollars “
Those Clever wallpapers
MarkASS brownlee
In Ireland for an upgrade the s10e is 179 euro and the xr is 399... 399 is the same price as s10plus. Cannot believe the s10e is being compared to XR for the price lol
1:14 that'd be a bit expensive... 😂
Just bought the S8 for less than  $400. There are drawbacks and such but this older flagship is a way better deal than the new S10 series. Even the s9 has more creature comforts relative to the value than the s10e.
That’s the smartest screensaver I have ever seen.
Great vid dude
AWESOME Video 😍
900 000 $ 01:14
Flamingo pink? I thought it’s coral pink to be precise
Samsung makes really nice hardware, wish they would just slap stock android on it out of the box. Not their bloated garbage.
Maybe we should call it the "e"-nbetween. because it's in between the mid range and the flagship. LOL.
economic
You said it is really pink. Just like the singer Pink, or like Jessie Pink-Man from Breaking bad?
he is using that fancy robot camera owo
Great job explaining the Samsung S10e. Makes a lot of sense to me when I leave by Moto Z this works well.
If the fingerprint reader was on the left side this would be a no brainer for me. I don't really love the ultrasonic reader in the S10. It's slow and not always accurate. I've redone my thumbs and that seemed to helped but I'm definitely not impressed. 

It's unfortunate cause the phone is otherwise amazing.
9 hundred thousands dollars.  1:14
Love the name 
Premium midrange
It's baymax in the wallpaper
Sudo flagship!
Looking good but I still did not find the reason to swap from my iPhone 7.
I really love MKBHD... he's so smart and man video quality is amazing! 😷💓 I learned alot about the s10e from watching this.
why the pink man? why?
S10easy sale
sick shots
Remember when flagships were $750?
I couldn't help but notice, man your video quality game is in the next level. Wow! It looks awesome in 4k 🤤🤤
Maybe the E stands for Encore or elegant?
3:08 That reminds me of the Oneplus 5T I have! Exact same feature, except for that it is on the back of the phone. Very useful!
Upper middle class phone
I laughed when you said software updates
I still love iPhones....
RED ALERT🚨RED ALERT🚨 The only way to Beat t series is to make 1 new account each or just sub to pewds. i've made 5 in only 10 minutes. 🚨Do your part. 🚨RED ALERT🚨
How u get these wallpapers.i want it for mine
I can't actually believe how expensive phones are becoming. Shit..
1:15
$900,000 ?!?! geez lol. What type of flagship phones are you looking at?
The smasung galaxy s10...... 

**EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE**
Low-high range
Markass brown lee
Budget flagship/ or the reuse the dead term of "flagship killer"?
0:58 😏
@mkbhd I want to ask you, you review mostly all brands smartphone. But why dont you review @Sony Smartphone flagship ??
Marques your great quality vids,  on 4K TVs they look amazing
60% people talking about the wallpaper and 40% are talking about the phone specs..😂😂😂
The S10e is the best Android phone in the market for me right now, I like the display size, I'm sold on the fingerprint reader on the power button and the display is flat, I really truly don't like the infinity display thing, the camera quality can be made better using Adobe Lightroom CC mobile app, and looks pretty darn fast.
Only if i would of known this was coming out before i bought the XR
I would say this is the phone to get, but I'll wait for OnePlus.
That wallpaper tho
Thank you for the wallpaper link in description
S10e or Galaxy note 9?
A Galaxy Buds review would be cool :)
I think we should call it the premium economy range
The "e"maybe it's for . extreme, electric, energetic or " explosive " perhaps, lol.
I’m not english or american but, in my opinion I think that the letter « e » on S10e stands for « essential »
Ok
Do you know if the software running on the s10 and s10e will become available  for the note 9 and s8??
1:14

"...the flagships are like *900 thousand dollars*"
It’s not a step up in screen and battery, the 2 most important aspects IMHO.
It's a low end flag ship
Galaxy S10EveryGimmickRemoved™
I decided on the GS10E for its size essentially, if the GS10 was 5.8" I could have chosen it, the price differences are not important, even with less features a smaller phone is better for me because above 6", we're heading towards a phablet.
Mid-high phone
I think who ever gets the Samsung S10e will regret it, and ask themselves why did not buy the main Samsung S10 or S10+ ...
@ 2:00 lol 😂 software updates can fixe it hahahah cmon MKBHD
The flagships are 9,000??? 1:15
This phone looks like the iPhone 6,7 and 8 until you turn the back or turn on the display.
For me, the ultrasonic fingerprint reader seems essential, because i'm left handed.
Pocophone F1 = Lower Mid-Range

Oneplus 6T = Mid-Range

S10E = Upper Mid-Range


P.S: names according to pricing
Upper interquartile range price :)
booring
I need S10e
When's the next AutoFocus episode
You use the thumb, others will use their index finger xD
❤️ U SAMSUNG
i don't understand why YTbers don't criticize apple products enough, Iphone 10r is NOTHING compared to this. if people don't criticize apple, apple will continue to sell crappy overpriced products
I’m a simple man.  I see Baymax, I click.
@2:03 that shot tho
Battery still bigger than my note 8
I wanted to hear if it still has the ridiculous amount of bloatware. That is the main reason I bought the Nokia 7.1 instead of the S10e.
How about "flagship lite"?
I think 'E' stands for essential . might be wrong
The only thing I don't like about the display of S10 series is the chin. I mean...it's a flagship...it should have made the chin smaller to achieve symmetry like the iPhone X. But all other things are good.
I just wish android devices had powerful processors. Snapdragons are so pathetic in performance
That baymax wallpaper looks dope though
How do you make your videos in 18:9 and still upload in 4K!!???
Baby flagship!
For $150 more the S10 is a better buy, not $200. You get better bigger screen, bigger battery, extra camera, ultra since Fps.
Where do you get those wallpapers!
Mmmm... I'm left handed, so reaching to that fingerprint reader on the right side of the phone would be impossible. No deal.
Man, that video at 0:58 camera moves and the colors are just great at 3:49
you download the tesla app for every phone review but your tesla isnt fixed yet lol
S10 economic
Why s10e over a regular s10?
s10e can get those wallpapers
I'd say the categories should be: Budget, mid range, premium, flagship.
finally, someone did a decent video on the S10 e.  Did you know it has a built in screensaver? T-Mobile failed to mention it when I bought mine. f**kers. Any time I get a phone there someone tries to scam or successfully slips it past me. But alas, better than the other 3 carriers.
So far, the one UI home has a side gesture to pull out a panel that you can put your most used apps on.  slide from the highlighted spot on the edge of the right side of the phone. No one yet has shown that feature in a video.  
cheers
anyone can send me the"other" link wallpaper?

imgur can't open it.
E is for Essential
Don't name it on price let's call this the comeback of the compact segment 👍🏼
Truth is told. Real innovation is the wallpaper to camouflage the camera.
Damn. MKBHD got Kira.
1:16 yeahh they do feel like $900k
Xiamoi ❤️
I like the side bezzles.
Price range should be called budget flagship/budget premium
That graphic at the beginning that read Samsung galaxy s10e looked a bit cheap...
Nobody 'needs' and ultrasonic fingerprint reader.
I just clicked bc the Baymax wallpaper and it's cleverness
1:15 subtitle price
Under glass fingerprint scanner is a gimmick
That camera movement was awesome. Felt very futuristic. :D
I love selfies, but I'd rather not have a front camera than to have a big ugly mole in my display. That would drive me nuts!
The pull-down fingerprint sensor for notification is not new. The S9 and S9+ is able to do it as well.
When you make 6 videos of the same phones indifferent sizes and specs. *HIGH QUALITY CONTENT*
That wallpaper on the thumbnail is genius
The *"e"* stand for *"Efficient"*
You never know when you'll need a couple lenses, a cast iron pan and an aloe plant. Pretty smart to keep them out and ready.
The “e” probably stands for economy lol
Why did you act like a swipeable finger print reader was a new feature, nearly all back mounted ones have that feature
E = economic ????
Galaxy S10 Economical
when I look at these tech reviewers you can see such an obvious bias towards some big OEMs like Samsung, it just makes me sick... they forget about the lack of interesting new features or if you should upgrade if you have last year's model (to me it seems that clearly there is no major need to upgrade from S9 unless you want that wide angle lens), just zero criticism and even no complaints about that pathetic small battery...
Efficient
Awesome
phones are getting boring whats your next move Markass
MKBHD CAMERA GAME!
If the upgraded version costs more and more RAM, then why not the base GS10?
Extremely iPhone esque
Samsung keeps on coming with these amazing value phones and still some people would want an iphone over this. Only reason I would get an iphone is if I was tied into the ecosystem or I just really liked the ios. Nothing else would get me to buy that crap. Period.
mid - premiun celphone
premium starter maybe?
Looks so small in your hands 👐 😁
The S10E is my favorite because it has a flat screen and larger bezels.
1:14  900 thousand dollars???
Crispiest videos!
5:42 "so if you're the type to rock your phone naked" lol I do time to time but mine does wear unders: a transparent case.
Make another 999999x videos about Samsung galaxy , money,money,money
How do you get this baymax wallpaper or the bender and wall-e one for s10 plus
Probably the sexiest zooms I've ever seen in a youtube video, and it's on a tech channel and not a big production... production quality top as usual. Is that the programmable camera on a frame that does the shot at 0:56 ?
"Predium" perhaps?
I didn’t even notice the hole punch with that wallpaper
I have j3 prime should upgrade 😁😁😁
Semi Flagship is the official name
E - Essential 
Nice Robotic Zoom❤glad it's back
These shots 😍😍
1:14 900k? Nearly a million dollars......?
Is it only me or there is a lil delay with the sound?
I like to see that camera hole as arnold terminator eye
0:58 Looks like he finally got that giant camera arm thing he made a video about a while back.
Great advice Marques 👍
Thanks 😉.

JaneLee 🕊️
3/13/19
10:03 AM
This and Xr was the only decent devices from the 2 big ones, Huawei, honor, Oneplus & Xiaomi were more impressive...
No, that fingerprint reader position is horrible. Having to push the power button to unlock the phone is a step back.
Its a midflag phone...hope you like the name..
Really like your reviews. Keep it up and Good Days👍.
Why S10+ not in highest resolution?
It’s high=end. Not mid range, not flagship. Simply just high-end.
I held it the other day and it felt a bit cheap. It kind of feels less premium than Samsung's A line. I don't know if it's due to the glossy frame or the fact that it's a bit too light. I even thought for a second that the frame was plastic. I had to actually bite it to be sure.
Why would i ever buy it? If any phone plays porn and music, then it's NASA to me. I wont pay 750$ for it
The ultrasonic fingerprint reader is complete trash. I miss more times than not on it and end up using face unlock because of how much it misses. You can't even rotate your finger because it won't read. I had to register my same thumb ass 3 different finger prints with it rotated 3 different angles so I could get more accurate unlocks. The infinity display is also trash unless you put a case on it, otherwise you can't use or without your palm registering constantly. The saving grace is that the screen looks amazing and that's enough for me to keep my s10+ and wait for potential software upgrades to fix these issues.
$900,000?! What kind of phones are you buying! 😆

That said, why not just "Premium"?

Budget -> Mid-Range -> Premium -> Flagship
Galaxy S10e"conomy"? Maybe?
review samsung M10 and 20 that were just launched in india. i think they are better than this phone.(samsung E).
These robot-camera shots are just the best!!🙃
Marques I just admire you for the quality of your videos. Just wow.
I am 👌🏻close to regretting having XR🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️
Somebody please help me buy on of these
*E*
Really heating the color but love the video 👍🏻👍🏻
I loved the way samsung hided the punch hole camera
Base model premium
I love the wallpaper.
e from economy ?
e is for economy
Did anyone else think the flash o nthe back was like a iOS toggle icon lol, I wanna swipe that flash left.
Wanna watch you review the xperia 1.
I really like the size of S10e.
1:14. *900 000$*
The wallpaper is lit
entry level flagship
The answer to your Question @1:10 is Magship
Its clearly seen that iphone x's side bezels are thicker than the s10 e still u say they are same, biased?
Torn between this and the pixel 3 for £600 (with the discount)
Why not??




Because no cash😂😂😂
Does it have Face ID?
Woah that 4k quality is top notch... top punch
@MKBHD The guy on the phone in my network called this phone s10 ESSENTIAL.
I’ve come back to 0:58 several times cause it’s so cool to watch. @MKBHD you sir are the governor 👏🏾
The glass screen protector not limiting any features on the phone is what convinced me to get the s10e. I appreciate that video you had posted about them.
S10e > S10 anytime..! ❤️❤️❤️
$900 000 for a phone what weed did Marques smoke to say that? 1:15
That wallpaper tho 🔥🔥
Premium Economy
Ahhhh I see you rockin those couture 1s. 🔥
Iphones are trash
Really want one but cant afford it, sad
Watching this on my S10e is so pleasing lol
S10 exclusive!
Your video quality keeps amazing me. Every. time.
'entry flagship' for category name maybe
NOTHING BEST THAN  WALLPAPER IN THUMBNAIL AMAZING 🤗🤗🤗
Nice wallpaper dude
Watching this on the xr. My only gripe is the screen ratio and less pixels
I missed it... What was his concerns about the 4 GB RAM on the Pixel? Planing to buy a Mate 20 with 4 GB RAM and wondering if it isn't enough...
Really hard to decide between this and the Pixel 3 🤔🤔🤔
that intro tho!!!❤
Why not just call the weird price "intermediate"
Who made that wallpaper is a *GENIUS!*
The Fingerprint gestures for the notifications are awesome!
Rlly liked the intro in this, and you should do a video on ig just on S10 wallpapers
I m kinda liking the pink.
maybe S10e is a nod to 5Ge?
please do a video about thoughts on upcoming one plus 7
Youu got some good points there, great review
does it have the wireless power sharing?
Those HUGE hands!!!!
I would buy this phone but the fingerprint scanner is too high up and I have really small hands so reaching it is quite a stretch.
Hey MKBHD here. Still don‘t know what the K stands for officially.
1:21 it could be called a MIDRANGE FLAGSHIP
Is Samsung's skin/launcher a lot closer to stock now???

The crap launcher they've had for the past almost a decade has been a deal breaker for me.
Wait is this a new one because isn’t it 1000 not 750
1:03 Midrage Plus. That's the best I could come up with.
I was actually considering getting this until I realized it didnt have a infinite screen. I'm so used to it now I couldn't go back. Plus the price could be $50 or $100 cheaper. (Who else likes the fingerprint scanner on the power button anyways?)
Wrong! Galaxy S10e DOES have an Infinity-O display. And it is definitely a premium device.
750$ is premium, 900 to 1000$ is the 'Fkin retarded' range.
Maybe mid-range flagships?
come on (apple/samsung) hire this guy already
A lot more than the XR.
FACTS.
Name suggestion for 750$ - Old premium prices..
0:57 beautiful shot 👍
1:13 - Flagship smartphones cost $900,000?!


DAYUM! These companies are raking it in!
that sushi tho 1:59
lets call them mini flagship?
Honestly might be my next phone once I'm done with this one
Upper middle class= Upper Mid-range
You can get it for cheaper if you trade in a phone on Samsung’s website
Actually I'd really like a fingerprint reader on the side. It's just so much more convenient.
What is your wallpaper ? Where find it ?
Call it “BREMIUM” - budget premuim
Premium Economy, if you will?
Sorry Samsung fans but this flat display looks and feels soooo much better than the “curved” one. I’ve never understood the “convenience” of curves on the sides.
Sure, it looks cool, but it just fucks up the perspective a little bit when watching video’s.
Also, ACCIDENTAL TOUCHES.

Sorry, but I fucking hate curved displays. Even if it “hides” bezels.
Should i upgrade from my S9 to the s10+ or E or should i skip this gen ?
This phone looks great! Now make it smaller and I will give up my iPhone SE for it because it is still too big in my opinion.
iJustine disliked this video 😂
Its below the flagship, its the submarine line
Why are we now acting like the swipe fingerprint for notification shade is something new? That's been a common feature on stock android for the longest.
Nepal
Budget - Midrange - High end - Flagship
Samsung S10e 🔥🔥🔥
Do u think price on higer side $ 650 makes magic
*No telephoto lense, no buy*
What is s10eee?
If only I haven't been spoiled by LG's Quad DAC, I would definitely get this phone.
That scroll down feature is also present on MI A1 & I love it😍
Love the editing!
There's nothing mid-range about the S10e at all. It's $1200 dollars here in Australia!! Same as the Pixel 3. That's entry level to the premium game, the iPhone 8 went for $1079 at launch.... a mid-range phone is something from Nokia, Oppo or the Samsung A series...... We're talking HALF the price of the S10e there...
Just received my S10+ and I'm coming from the Note 9 but man is this phone quick and the display is awesome!
Budget price <=200
Midrange price <=499
Flagship price <=750
Idiot price >750

I don't think people spending 750+ on a phone is getting 750+ value, those phones are for rich idiots who don't care how to spend their money
that has too be the most creative way to hide the hole punch.
expensive...
why noy xiaomi mi 9 or the new oppo loseless zoom!!
This looks good.  But just a couple of years ago flagship phones were $600.  The prices have gotten outrageous.
The S10e is better than the more expensive Xr, S10e has oled, Better PPI and pixel count, less bezles, no ugly fat notch, 2 cameras, a fingerprint sensor, and faster charging that's included in the box too. And that all cheaper than the Xr. Aka the S10e is more and better for less
its an upper middle class phone
HEADPHONE JACK
I'd probably get this but still confused which color to choose.
Come to hear people saying that it gonna beats trash xr.
Your reviews 😍😍
Lol did you used Kira or Mira ??
Does he have a Samsung S10 review? I mean just the s10.
any imformatin about  one plus  7 or 7t
wow I'll buy this one.... in 2025
isnt it easier to repair ?
Budget. Flagship..
Definitely gonna be one of the best phones of 2019.
Sooooo many triggered isheeps in the comments lol
Another 🔥 review, fighting the urge to switch from iPhone to android 👨🏾‍💻
Are you rocking the air Jordan 1  Contour in this video
Amazing use of the robot arm!!!
The Essential Range.
Remember when flagships where 600? What the fuck happend?
I like video
Have you finished with your review
Kudos to Samsung 😍
4:44 Air Jordan 1 High OG Defiant Couture




Nice.
Nah, it's a budget flagship because it derives from a more expensive flagship.
01:04 - 01:22 
I GOT IT!! Call it a Half-Mast Flagship.
bluhh! Thats an Dope Intro there 😎
Flagship Budget
Is the camera person doing funny gestures or something?
$750 for a s10e? thats about the price for a s10 in where I live. Why is there a price gap?
MY BEST CHOICE IS THIS S10e BEAST
1:15 $900,000? Goddamn, phones are getting expensive these days.
ZERO Ultra wide shoots???
Great review ✔️
Watting for your nokia review ✌🏻
*E*
actually the phone has a lot of common points with the note 5
if i wasn't a note fan. i'd buy the s10e.
$900,000 dollars ?
*_B R U H_*
The fingerprint reader is a pain for left-handed people
*I like this Phone...!!!*
Dude, you seems to be such a nice person. It must be awesome being your friend lol
The last thing we need is another name that replaces an actual number. Don't be tempted to go down the UHD/Infinity Display/Small/Medium/Large path Marques! It will take us nowhere good.
Why not “Why notch?” 😭😭
Dam with that title you should have featured Russell Westbrook
i was trying to find the hole but it was baymax's eye lmao
Cheap
Mid-range Cheap
Mid-range
Mid-range Premium
Premium
Note 9 now also lets you bring your notification panel from the back fingerprint reader, it seemed like a glitch in the beginning. But that's great.
the side mounted FP scanner may not look cool. but it is far more useful and convenient than both back mounted one, and even better than the unders display versions.
it is faster, easier to reach (not on the s10e) and will still work after you break the screen.
also, it can be configured to open the notification panel with a swipe on it.
lol 1:13 "flagship are now 900,000$"
'e' stands for essential. They(Samsung) said it.
BECAUSE CHILD LABOUR That's why. You are having fancy time with your gadgets on the back of children descending in hand dug mines in Africa and unprotected labour in Asia.
Great video and informative 😎
Watching it on s10e.

Originally wanted oneplus 6t but decided to get s10e. I got it for 650 euros so almost same price as 6t (60 euros difference). I have loved it so far. First time I can say Samsung released something really nice.
1MIL Views in less than a day. Yes brah! When I grow up...
Midrange flagship??
High-midrange?
Honestly, this is Samsung best deal 
This phone has just the right size
flagships are 900000$ nice
Recently found your channel. Thanks for the great, sensible and not hyped reviews.
I'm watching on samsung and got samsung ad
The "e" means essential.
s10e and iphone xr are in a new range  :  economy plus
e stands for economic. I dunno what your saying bruh I paid 650 for my S10+ lol
I like calling them entry level flagships. To me, it's like the lowest step into the flagship tier, since it retains a lot of the essential bits of full on flagships (chipset, main camera).
Only wallpaper I have but not that phone.
Using the fingerprint sensor to bring the notification panel down has been out since android 7.0 so it's not the newest feature but it's pretty handy
Say what 1:16
@MKBHD - at 2:13, on the top right, what's that coffee mug cover?  It looks like a camera lens?  Very cool.  Can you please post a link?
If you can't have a telephoto lens on the S10e, then why not go with the S9 or even the S9+ that are around 500,00 these days? MKBHD, could you do a comparison video between the two of them? What's your opinion about that guys?
900,000 dollars hahha ooh flagship phones are almost a million now I see🙂🙂🙂
E must be ergonomic?
3:20 i just realize, maybe thats why samsung placed the power button too high to prevent the notification bar to be pulled down accidently
Marques i think your drunk dude in that comparison the s10e side bezels look considerably smaller than the x, not the same size
3:55 please i need that background on the s10+
Call it Mid-High
Giveaway some
I CLICKED BECAUSE OF BAYMAX💕💕
1:13 The flagships are $900,000. Damn... no wonder I'm still rocking my 6S.
How about "PreMid" ?? @MKBHD
I mean the ultra sonic's speed is quite comparable after the day 1 update
Its already better than the Iphone Xr
Mkbhd, is that a preloaded wallpaper?
S10 i want it
Ohhh that cam shoot.... so satisfying!!!!
I am a OnePlus 6T owner. Can't wait for the Note 10.
And it got the same 855 snapdragon chip!!
E for economy. The class of phone is "sub-premium".
Only you forgot how good the capacitive fingerprint scanner became
E stands for essential
Mid-flagship
In s7 the battery explode
In s10 the screen explode
I have a oneplus 6t, any suggestions for a wallpaper that goes with notch.
Why is 4 not enough? My S8 had 4 and it is after 1 and a half year still super fast
“Still don’t know what the e stands for official-e”

Nice pun Marques, well played 🤝
Its awesome to see how creative people got with those wallpapers. For a brief second i even forgot it has a front camera. I was looking in the middle, on the left part of the screen and then i remembered its in the left eye lol.
Very straightforward..like it
$750 phones are  Value Flagships 
$1000 phones are Premium Flagships
Sucks to be left handed ☹️
What if you're left handed and you always use your phone with your left hand. Off to using a code?
Why hasn't Samsung curved the display at the bottom to match the iPhones tiny chin?
Apple will invent the hole punch a year later and call it a weird ass marketing name
OOOOFFFF the cinebot at 0:58 is clean af
Love the wallpaper 😍😍😍😍
"Tier 2 flagship" I think encapsulates it will
3:47 red over load ♦️
yeah this is the one to get seems way more appealing then the "better one" but 750 is still alot, ill still be using my 5s until i cant get the new ios
Ok so we found where fingerprint scanners should go now, yeah I know other phones had it but they weren't as fast
Whenever i say s10e me and my friends laugh because of the E meme
That transition on 0:57- 1:01... that's what I call the quality review!
For lefthanded people
I'm more for the term "upper midrange"
What about comparing with the Oneplus 6T?
Get a Poco phone instead
In regards to the finger print reader pulling down the notifications menu; my Pixels have been doing that for years
marques you didn't actually review the battery life, like why just read out specs? you could've given us some qualitative opinion
That chin though 😥
I still want S10+
$900 k 🤣🤣
100 billion points For wallpaper
900 thousand dollars
Guys we should appreciate the wallpaper😅
It did a good job!
“That can be improved with a software update” - famous last words when getting any android (except the pixel)
I can't believe that the OnePlus 6 fingerprint  reader is still faster that this
That swipe to notification on fingerprint sensors is already there on huawei oe honor pjones... My 8x has that
That robot shot tho!
Do anyone snapchat zoom in so much on they S10+. can some one help me ! help me! please 😭😭
I have been using my note 9 for 2 days ,so far got to say its freaking  awesome.  the battery  life gets me to 8-9 hrs with  54% battery  life
"The flagships are like 900 thousand dollars"
Intro animation man, come on, you can do much  better
The main things that sway me over to iPhones still stand:
-The A12 Bionic
-5 years of OS updates
Note: I game a lot and keep my phones for at least 4 years. That being said, hardware wise the S10e is crazy good value. The XR doesn't come close enough.
-test-
All i like about this video is Marques Brownlee
Gesture for notifications are useless on S10e when the same is done on the OnePlus 6T/6/5T/5/3T/3/2 by swiping down anywhere on the main screen or assigning a software button long press.
Can u sign in to my fortnite acc for the skin?
Geeez man, why the intro music has to be so freakin loud??
Just take the Huawei Mate 20 like I did! Bezels are much smaller than the S10e and the Mate 20 is also noticably faster in everything you do like opening games, apps and multitasking. Then the battery life...I upgraded from an Galaxy S8 and the Mate 20 lasts at least 3 TIMES longer. On a good day, it lasts close to 4 times longer than my S8 EVER did. On the Huawei, I'm getting 2-3 days of battery life with at least 10-11 HOURS of screen on time on auto brightness. That's with 4G+, daily 1h WAZE navigation in the car snapchat etc etc. It's plain ridicilous at how long the battery lasts and the scary bit is that this phone is so damn fast. Remember, I'm coming from an S8 which already is a FAST AF phone however the Mate 20 is just that much quicker that you can even tell so blind folded.
Please make a video describing details in ubuntu ui and features please....
from a fabulous fan.
I have held S10+ and iPhone XS side by side and trust me, iPhone camera is way better than S10
the flagships are like 900000$ lol ok
Anybody remember when Samsung was original and didnt follow stupid trends. I dont want stupid shit in the middle of my screen.  At least they kept the headphone jack.
That wallpaper is genius
Sounds like a decent phone one price drops to 500$ or less
mid-flagship
Why not just ditch the front camera in one model?
The robot camera pan 😍
Nobody really "needs" a $1000 phone. You can do 95% of the stuff with a 300 dollar phone as you can do with a 1000 dollar phone. Some people even pay for features they never use. Most people don't even need a better camera if all they do is slap an Instagram filter on the pictures, most social media sites and apps scale down the pictures anyway to save bandwidth and space. The look of the phone matters very little if you decide to use a case, which is the smart thing to do anyway. Don't get too exited of the marketing, if you have better use for the money, don't get an super expensive phone. You are just encouraging the companies to charge you more if you just pay for luxury to have something you don't even need or use.
you change something with your camera
Yes!!! More KIRA in your videos please!!!
Hands down to the Wallpaper 😵
0:57, that was such a cool shot
The flagships are $900,000??
Does YouTube allow to play in 2k in samsung s10?
the "e" stands for essential and the pricing should be "premium". B.M.P.F. = Budget, Mid-range, Premium and Flagship.
750$ is a flagship price.
that background for the s10e


😂
Make a video on redmi note 7pro (snapdragon 675) model.. is it the next buget king !!!
Even the S8 has had this gesture notification thing since the start.
Look closely at the phone. Is that a middle name reveal?
The real comparison should be this vs the s9+.
Apple has left the chat
Apple and Samsung both need to drop their phone prices. I mean it.. make affordable for everyone.
Love the baymax wallpaper. Suits the phone.
Definitely more value and bang for your buck than ALOT of other devices in this general price range, with very minimal "sacrifices". Awesome review bro!
*E* stands for *Markiplier*
Watching this from my s10e.
e must be 'e'asy on pocket, as compared to S10 and S10+
The orange color is much better than iphone xr, but the battery life is too short.
"Mad-ship Phones"
I have an s9 and I can't justify the expense of a new phone but I fucking hate the curved screen. Feelsbadman.
MKBHD: Why not?
Me: I don't have the dollar 749...
I can't rock a screen that small anymore, but it's a really nice phone otherwise.
“e” stands for “everybody”
Phones are expensive as shit now...
Did you know Marques that on the Galaxy Theme Store there is a theme based on you?
This is for the Galaxy S9+ btw, I dont know about the S9 or the new S10
1 million views in 12 hours!!
Why buy this when you have a 450$ mi9 and a 400-500$ vivo iqoo?
nothing on battery?
1:15 900,000 dollars? 😁
why can't they get rid of that ugly chin?, it will be better if they make the phone symmetric rather than with chin
Love the colour
After switching to the S10e from the iPhone SE, watching MKBHD's videos are a revelation. That crisp and that color omg
1:13 the flagships are like 900.000 dollars


honestly we might only be a couple of years away from that
Amazing review. On point, concise!
Dat wallpaper tho
The e the 10 and s10+ all support mst and NFC right
That KIRA shot tho😍😍
Budget flagship?
My P9 Lite has the fingerprint gesture since launch like almost 3 years ago. It is also in natural resting position of index finger in the back.
premium economy
03:08 It's a very convenient feature. I use it on my Pixel 2.
Overpriced mid-range, nothing new really, it's just that now the price is premium.
These Samsung S10 wallpapers are getting more and more *creative* when it comes to hiding the hole punch camera.
e stands for internet browser
The fingerprint sensor notification bar scroll down is on my s8
1:14

"The flagships are like, $900 000."

- MKBHD 2019
1080p video for a 1080p display
Intro was electric.
kinda wish they make the fingerprint scanner location either left or right 🤷🏻‍♂️
e stands for "enexpensive"
If this would cost $600-650 it would ruin OnePlus and Huawei. I wish it did.
"half mast" as its not a flagship phone or mid range. I coin this phrase as of 13/3/19. Thanks All. Lovely phone. The time i get one they will be out of date though, imagine a phone having 4-8gb of ram on these days. crazy stuff. I love technology
Fleet phone?

Trying to come up with something that is similar to "flagship" but is is the step just below the admiral class.
My old Galaxy S7 has screen resolution as an option to change in settings, why TF does the S10E does not have that feature included?
Love ur Wallpaper ....link pls
Omg did you bought the Karma?
Hmmmmm How many hours of pokemon go can i get out of this phone ?
that wallpaper though....
Low range, Mid range, Premium range, flagship range, iPhone range.

XDD
00:59 wow i like that 😍
S10e is beautiful phone I like this mobile
Not to mention it's wayyyyyy cuter
Is the snapdragon 855 better than the a12 chip? No? So in conclusion I like my xr better 😎
I would pick this over the S10 or S10+
What lol! How do you do the scroll thing with the right button? Mine doesn't do that? Do you have to set this up in settings?
Samsung wallpaper😂😂😂
9 hundred thousand??? O.o
what's your review about samsung 10,s face id
Love your wallpapwrs
Fingerprint gestures. That is SO underrated. I have a Huawei Honor 8. I can drag down the notification bar with a swipe on the fingerprint reader. The reader is also a button. If I press it, it takes a screenshot, if I double press it, it turns on the flashlight, if I hold, I can launch an app. 
I use it ALL. THE. TIME.
HOW DID THAT NOT CATCH ON? Why is this the only phone I know of that can do this?
It's so useful!
A very nice phone. I love its form factor, build quality, connectivity options, a screen with a punch hole, the fingerprint reader (with its OnePlus notification bar tear down functionality) etc. I like it more than the big Galaxy S10.
Balor phone
1:14 like, the flagships are like 900,000$
bottom tier flagship phone fo sure!!
Where do you get these dope wallpapers...
Wooooooooowwwwww no punchhole!





Wait, baymax's eye.
Premium phones cost 900.000$?
That’s what I heard
Wat abt the reverse battery
Holy 0:57
I would say that phone is top of the midrange phones
Highrange?🤔
calling the small one S_E huh? Sounds familiar.
Why do I always think I have seen the Core logo somewhere before?!
Kira 😍😍😍
Its super small. Not for me
Samsung finally gave me a reason to consider buying one of there phones. If they improve the skin over Android I will def buy one
These wallpapers for the pinholes nice
Because it’s samtrash
0-100€ ... Garbage Tier
100-200€ ... Budget Tier
200-300€ ... Midrange Tier
300-400€ ... Premium Tier
>400€ is insanity for phones. It's like buying a car for 100 000€. Of course you can do it, but you gain nothing.
You are megacute
The range should be, entry-level, mid-range, premium-range and ultra-premium range.
In this day and age, people determine flagship by price, if it's not priced at top tier it's not flagship, what a time to be alive
Please start giving the mobiles
My Cellphone is a galaxy s4 mini from way back then.
Anyone notice the flimsy power button after a few days or is it a defect?
that background :)
You work hard on wallpapers 👍🏻 thumbs for dat
3.5mm jack is one of the endangered species in the world...
Samsung nailed the colors this time
This phone is awesome 😎
Did you do 0:58 with the robotic arm thing?
Seriously, the s10e priced so close to the oneplus 6t in my country that it’s a no brainer to go for the s10e.
900 thousand dollars...
there's no heartsensor on this phone?
it should go like this -
budget, mid range, $750 ni🅱️🅱️as, flagships
In airline terms, its 'Premium Economy'. You get a little more legroom, for a whole lot more $.
The only discernable difference is the lack of a telephoto lens. Thats all. So even on paper, given its smaller size which is convenient for most people, the actual physical finger print reader and the smaller hole on the screen, it is actually a better phone than the S10 or the S10 plus. Also, actually buying into the display cutouts when there is a phone like the note 9 which is the most complete phone ever made and extra ( the Bluetooth enabled S pen, it really is useful even if it is on rare occasions) is ridiculous.
Semi flagship?
Great review. Very impressed with the phone.
So at the same price here in KSA there is a NOTE 9!
Which one do you prefer?! 🙄
Still using iphone
S9 Plus or S10 e? Please give me a hand here - Thanks!
The flagships will soon cost 900,000$ :P
Call it Pre-premium
Honestly looks better than S10 and S10+. Looks clean af
Should I get note 9 or S10e since the price is similar now?
No one can beat u to cover  the hole punch
my question is ... does your Jordan 1 defiant couture crease as bad as they say? S10e is cool BTW
900,000 dollars
Samsung galaxy s10 is tha best...!!!!' But i cant have this because i have problem of economic...😶😐😟
Good call, removing the portrait lens and keeping the UW lens. Does anyone even use the telephoto lens all that much on these new phones? Ultra-wide FTW!
Nice wallpaper lol
-Headphone Jack
-AMOLED screen, not an LCD
-Moar RAM
-same price as the XR
*Why do people buy iPhones again?*
SONY FANS ?
I wish I can dislike your videos a million times ...I'll do it
What about cases with the s10e and the fingerprint scanner
*flagships are like 9...900K dollars*
You might as well buy a big house at that point
Definitely a better deal than its bigger brothers. This one just wins on the ergonomics and that flat screen!
Hai marq love from india plz give a opinion on Samsung a50 and vivo v15pro
Budget flagship will do for this price.
that wallpaper is perfect
1:14 oh shit! In what country do flagship smartphones cost up to $900 000????
the ultrasonic Fingerprint readers are not slower than this one even a little bit. they're actually faster, you were just unlocking them wrong. you only have to tap and lift and the phone unlocks in an instant.

the ultrasonic reader is just as fast if not faster
Loved it good job
Please do a Samsung galaxy a50 review...
Color accurate? 04:11
Can be get some numbers?
Your selection of wallpaper is always top notch
That wallpaper made me like the video
another Notch cousing. move along.
Yeah on paper it’s sounds like it’s better then the xr but I doubt that it is every time I have a samsung am always disappointed
That wallpaper!
Sir please i request you to make a review of the Redmi Note 7 pro please this is my humble request to you please lots of people in India are going to buy the device and lots of Indian watch you videos
Hahahah buy only if you NEED? Son... we need a roof over our head or food..... not finger print scanner or dual camera... lmao
I love this dude
My cash bBrowny
That wallpaper is dope 😂😂
3:09 that has been out since the s7
Where did you get that wallpaper?
6GB OMG it is soooo little....
hahahahahaha
1:52 Egyptian pillar
Just bought mine and got 10% off too😁
Ma tech nigga
what weather app is on the home screen?
They designed the fingerprint location based on Marques hands.
0:51 Baymax be lookin like sans for a sec there
This Video was shot so great, and really imformative too! Well done to everybody who made it!
E for Ecofriendly ,economic ,excellence
the great video
2020 when its $600
That robotic arm shot man.
Slide down the sensor for notifications is there since s8
You're getting shit at this.
me how to unlock it, if I'm left-handed?
i think S10e would be the perfect size for pocket
3:50 What kinda sorcery is this???!!! 😱😱😱🤯🤯🤯
Love it when you use Kira
e= 2.71828(Euler's number) maybe?
Fingerprint reader for right handed 😣 how about us left handed????
From where did you get the wallpapers for any phone
im waiting the galaxy s20 hehe
Wtf!!!! That baymax wallpaper!🤷😮😮😮😮💕💖💖 Just fantastic
Can we see some comparisons with One + phones?
Marques Brownlee vs MrMobile [Michael Fisher] video editing?
You have such a great audio quality Marques
The gesture thing with the finger print reader was available already in the first Pixel, wasn't it?
economy?
Midrange + Premium = Medium
The S10e is a 'medium' phone.
GET THE S8 IT'S CHEAPER THAN THE S10e
S10e giveawayyyyy please!!!!
Can it get through an entire day of heavy usage?
Maybe “Budget Flagship”? Hehehe.
got my upgraded s10e model last week. And i totally agree with all the points you said in this video. the only downside is that the battery died way too early for my use, coming from Xiaomi Mi A1. and the fast charging isnt that fast especially the wireless method.
Remember when flagship phone was $500
As a 40 year old tech savvy Father of a teen. My dilemma when upgrading is do I get my son the same phone (flagship) as me? Very expensive! Or do I screw him a bit and get some BS mid ranger? This kills that decision now I don't feel bad about getting him something slightly less than mine 😁. I'm actually happy with this
Better than s9?
ok I'm going to just put this out there. When you were talking about pulling down the notification shade with the fingerprint sensor "to save you from reaching all the way up", you're still reaching 99% of that distance so I have to ask.....why?? and there is a setting in the launcher to pull down notification shade with swipe down anyways so... again why?? I usually don't question much of what you usually say but...
Samsung Buds Review please.
Actually s10e is the best pick. Has everything what u need and what s10 and s10 plus has. Lacking telephoto camera. Hardly anyone uses the tele camera. S10e is best buy. N speaking about 10r. It is shit.
Samsung Galaxy S10eh
Not sure if this will be an added advantage, but the fact that it has a flat screen means you can get cheap flat glass screen protector instead of the expensive curve ones that never seems to work.
I wish the battery was better than what my S7 edge has (3600), coz if it has i would wish i could buy it , and if i buy it i wish i have a Samsung S10+
I guess coz it just has FHD display rather than QuadHD
I call them Junior phones
E
ITS LIKE CHOOSING PREMIUM ECONOMY OVER ECONOMY. BUT NOT CHOOSING FIRST FOR OBVIOUS REASONS.
I love the Baymax wallpaper that covers the camera hole
Why am I watching a review of a phone I won't buy? Because of the crispiness ofc
Marques still using Pocket Casts I see after their shambolic UI update. Must be hard going...
Does anyone have a loose or wobbly fingerprint sensor on their S10e? I got mine yesterday and its super loose, literally shakes.
Debated between the S10e and Pixel 3 and eventually went Pixel 3 when they knocked $200 off, but this does look like a great phone. I'm a lighter user so the ram issues on the Pixel don't concern me as much.
economy
I wish I had money, but I'm poor...
Entry-level Flagship device. Still got the premium flagship specs on the inside, with a tone down features etc.
e stands for esmall
0:58 - wow wow wow, how did you get those movements? Did you purchase a multimillion-dollar robot arm for your videos?
You know Marques is one for aesthetics. That phone setup is gorgeous. And that Samsung Flamingo pink looks WAAAY better than it did in the renders.
I just jave to say that on my lg stylo 4 ( which is $200 btw) i can open my phone with my fingerprint and swipe down on the fingerprint reader to see my notifications
Love the wallpaper
Not happy with that battery at all I've got a 350 Australian dollar Huawei nova 3e that's the same. Lol
Moving that power button up feels like Samsungs way of making it a little more inconvenient than it could be in order to maintain a bigger difference to the more expensive s10.
Especially given how the power button was placed perfectly fine on the s8 & s9 which also were 5.8 inch
The temperature is 45 degrees in your phone in the thumbnail but you are still wearing a jacket 😐
I don't like these crappy flagships
Crapships
they are high end
but make you feel like they are not
by purposefully fucking things up
I hate it
it's not like I am paying you 750$ already
just give me a good smartphone for it
you jerks

when the low end has more features that the high end
you know something is wrong
Any info on that background? Looks like Gunship's Album art, but not quite.
Galaxy s10e plus would be awesome bargain!
Awesome Video and miniMobile....

on Fingerprint game Honor is best.. way more usable features on Fingerprint sensor...

great video... cool mobile...
S10economy iPhoneXReduced
Please do a vid for the Xiaomi Mi 9 :)
Ewww.... iphone 🤢
awesome info
Dude it's easy. C CLASS price tag
The comparaison with the bigger models and the iPhone XR are important, but I think a better comparaison would be with previous Galaxy S models like the S8 and S9 considering the price drop on those.
those camera shots tho  👏👏👏👏👏👏
That slide down feature is convenient. I use it on the Pixel, and saves having to use both hands. This price is better, especially with there being a wall the phones seem to be hitting soon. Reaching 1500 is a bit much
The 'E' stands for essential
The screen background fits well!
Nine hundred thousand dollars 💵 what
Samsung Galaxy _S10expensive_
Dude I'm loving that camera movement.
E stands for Economy
0:58 hell yeah
S10e look so cool
Psuedo flagship phones
We'll call it Eco Phone
Better off waiting for the Fold
Hate the camera cut out, Tried it in store and it would annoy me way too much. It's off-center which would drive me mad, I much prefer a notch or a slightly ticker chin like the S9.
I like low end flagship
Entry Premium category
You reviewing the Nokia 9 Pureview?
i don't care for the curved screen that wraps around the edge of the phone.

I always find myself activating functions I don't intend to. The fat of my hand always ends up squishing around the phone and touching the screen
It think it should go: 
Cheap shit, Budget, Waste of Money
The wallpaper game is🔥 LIT🔥 on S10 series.
Those forced robotic arm shots are really good for taking me out of the thought process. So, not good. In this case, they don't really serve a purpose either. It's like the title of the review. Why not?
this would be the most likely successor to my excellent Xperia Z5. Side Fingerprint, and upgrade to oledd.
0:48 love that wallpaper.
By flat screen you mean totally flat or just 2.5D glass?
3:49 The phone is disguised
Tbh I'd rather get the regular S10 for the infinity display and the telephoto camera
You can't call it mid range because it have a flagship processor maybe we should name it mid-range flagships
Only reason why is power button so high is because of Jerry's bend test. So it's not such a weak spot than if it was lower on the side
Since they're not flagships, we'll just call them "Abukuma-class wallet-destroyer escorts" for simplicity's sake.
Studio tour
Seems like David Lee said it first... but correct!
Damn! That intro!
I'm left-handed and I do not approve this product.
It's called peasant flagship
That wallpaper is lit
How about "2nd row flagships" ? 😉
Ive been waiting for a smaller phone with all the power needed for a while. This looks perfect form factor wise.
That wallpaper is perfect
I'm broke😭
Premium mid-range sounds better
the "e" stands for economy
The wallpapers are a good idea.
“Aww that hawt”
Can you do a comparison video for the Samsung 10e and iPhone XR? As now I am undecided as to which to get!
I want to know if it better then iPhone xr......
E for edition
The name for this segment of smartphones could be called *sub-flagship*
Damn that Sony style fingerprint scanner 👌
@mkbhd your video quality is the best one I have ever seen in whole YouTube and even the ROBO camera 😍😍😍
essential i think
Markass brownie
As an s10 user. TOTALLY agree. S10e is where its at if you didnt preorder with the loads of bundles.
Midrange plus 🤣
It actually looks good
Bros just watch 0:58 shoots 
They are above anything on this earth
Galaxy is in a different level now
Does it have face recognition?
$900,000 dollars????.... just kidding i heard what you said 😎
"flagships are like $900,000 dollars" lol
Why would anyone want to decrease the screen res on the S10e? It is already FHD+. We've had & still have fixed screen resolution phones.
1:14 900,000
As far as "compact" phones go, this is a step in the right direction. But we can go smaller! I believe!
When your left handed....
Can we just appreciate the Baymax wallapaper. I’d buy the phone just for that
baymax with punch out hole
Give this man a Nobel Prize for that wallpaper 😁👌
It's weird to call 5.8 inch's small- MKBHD. 6 INCH gang rise up!
I love that wallpaper! 😄
That wallpaper is pure art
This phone is everything in just a few dollars who hates this?
Because phones come out so rapidly I like to buy one I know I like even when new ones come out.. the S8 did that but I'm worried the S10+ wont, so I'm waiting for the Note to see if the only added addition is the SPen
thanks to wallpaper the screen to body ratio is 99.999%
Markass Browlee
i love how that baymax wallpaper blends with the camera cut out
That cinematography is dope. 0:57
that wallpaper really made me forget there was a hole there.
Is true that S10e comes with a protective film installed by Samsung?
"Budget" has become subjective and relative to the flagship phone's prices. For Samsung 750 bucks is budget, if you consider that their flagships are 1k and beyond. For regular people, 750 and budget just don't go well together in a single sentence.
I have that feature on my honor play lol
1:14 the flagships are like nine hundred thousand dollars, WOAH!
hhmm.. the dealbreaker was the screen. i mean, we buy samsung for the gorgeous edge display. 😭
You can call it entry flagship
S10e is gonna sell hot cakes. S10 and Plus are just crazy stupid in terms of the price and so little features upgrade compare to the S10e.
0:57 that camera movement,WOW
I think this is the phone most consumers will be drawn to.  Great specs, small form factor, decently priced.  I think I’ll pick one up!
E stand for Economy :D
Low end < Mid-range < High end < Premium (Flagship)
MKBHD is one of the few channels in which video quality is as good as thumbnail. Most of the channels have good thumbnails but average video.
e - Economy
The views increased by 20k before I could watch the video! :o
Damn nice wallpaper man🙋‍♂️👌👍
i still choose iphone xr
because of software
E means essential
I think the e stands for essential because it is what you need
Lol I wouldn't exactly call Samsung displays color accurate. And that goes for their TVs as well
Budget: J3/J7
Mid-Range:S10e
Premium: S10/S10+
Flagship: Note 9
Cool wallpaper
Was expecting a notch pun in the title
Great video and liked.
PS. Finger print readers are crap for tradesmen / people who use their hand for manual work.  Face ID change my life!
"we need a new name for this £750 price point" 🙄
First thing I saw in the thumbnail...The Tesla Icon
Thank you, Samsung for keeping a compact flagship device!
Is really nobody talking about the heart rate sensor and how it's not part of the Galaxy 10e? This is such a crucial feature for me.
But otherwise awesome video!!
I liked this video's thumbnail and I also loved the wallpaper.
How many of you liked it?
That big sushi plate 🍣
Your videos are more crispier then the phone 😄
How bout predget as name for the price
I have no interest in the s10s I just watch the video because it was a new MKBHD
Power-Button/Fingerprint-Reader placement sucks big time
Could the e stand for essential? Samsung essential sound about right for this phone
E for essentials? They mentioned it indirectly in the keynote.
It is about time to throw my my humble iPhone 6s
Flagship is.....$900,000....that's all I heard
Budget Flagship?
The ecosystem is overrated. Americans are just hesitant to change.
Budget flagship
" e " Letter stands for " Essentials " ,,, they have mentioned this in the Unpacked ..
Entry: < $200 
LOW: $200+
MID-Low: $350+
MID: $500+
MID-High $650+
Highend: $750+
Premium : $900+
Over the Xr I would get this phone but I absolutely dislike Samsung’s os/skin. So much damn bloat. maybe I’m just too comfortable with ios. I’ve used it since the og iPod touch.

I tried switching to an s8 over the i7 and I couldn’t. I am down with the pixels os/skin. I need Pixel IV
Do or are they gonna sell that flamingo pink color S10e/S10/S10+? Can't find it in the Netherlands :(
Flagships should start frm 750 usd
I'm Left Handed!
Flagship economy.
will it run linux smooth?
Upper mid range
'Butt'
The S10, in any Format, is the first Samsung phone I'd love to have since the S5. All the other Samsung devices haven't raised my attention in that fashion. The 10 is quite sepcial. I'd go for the S10+ if it wasn't that expansive.

The only thing I'd really miss, would be that Baymax wallpaper implementation.
2:10 That ain't *Classic*
b/c software updates (if you're not in UK ofc)
750$ upper midrange?! it isnt flagship price that is in the 900$?!
i'm sorry, did you mean overpriced mid range phone but it's not extremely overpriced phone?
The phone wallpaper is the coolest wallpaper 
at least for the s10e
Thanks for the wallpaper✌
0:58 Btw, that shot was shot with his *MIA Camera Robot/ Robotic Camera*
Maybe this time oneplus will offer some more colors
Review the mi 9
I have to have big phones. I almost got that 7" mate x phone lol
Does it transfer bettery like the S10?
100 years later

“Price of flagships are $900,000”
I wish.. 🙏🙏🙏
e stands for essential
Is this what you wanted?
still don't know what E is..? get this

we're all waiting for iPhone SE 10
Samsung launched Galaxy S 10 E

get it..? SE-X & SX-E
Best and coolest phone I ever owned! Absolutely loving it.
That camera movement was amazing, must be that camera he showed last year
Clever Baymax.

He sees you.
Marques has been one of my top go-to channels for tech buys just recently. His reviews are always truthful and dang straight-to-the-point.
Why not?

Because my wallet says no
Definitely a serious consideration as a next phone!
The Videography in this video is awesome!
the principal belief that Korea was founded on is "Make the world beneficial" ... I guess Samsung is quite donating that to the quote.
Reader is in higher position because of JerryRigEverything. It will pass bend test :)))
if we are talking a small chin is all about esthetics ... then why we should care about edge-to-edge display then? lets bring back the iphone 6/7/8 Plus and get used to this..... nah fam. its all about esthetics and how good looking your phone is.
I still don't understand why they are taking so much time and ressources to make One UI and move everything to the bottom of the screen... Just to move to power button so high up you still have to stretch to reach it? One UI is great, but why the high power button placement samsung?
$900 thousands??
S10e is a budget flagship.
costs 650 bucks here in iraq
I don’t think I’m secure enough in my sexuality to carry it but damn the pink looks pretty nice.
Clicked for just the wallpaper!
Video production quality is awesome.. applied the wallpaper on my one plus 6t
Does contrast ratio  of s10e and other s10 models differ.
Hello, How is battery life ? It is packed with 3100mah only.
"the big 3 are..."
*goes on to say 4*
Ok I get it you tried but please NEVER EVER use that font and effect at second 12 again!
He's changed the order of vitlrtuall buttons during the record.
Camera is the word
Got a Huawei ad lol
0:57 there we se the motion from the Robot he has shown in a previous video
Solution: They should do away with the on screen fingerprint reader on the S10 and have the same power button fingerprint reader from the  S10e.  And the iPhone 11 should copy it, for those that don't want to use face ID.
It's weird to call a 5,8 inch small. . . . that's what i keep saying to my girlfriend.
Did you rent that new camera robot thingy?

The phone looked so neat resting on that red table
Not for Lefties though. That sucks!! Lol
Apart from battery life, this imho is a super super phone
The e stands for Electric
Can you please do a review on Nokia 9 pureview?
Now I regret getting the S10. Mostly because of the fingerprint sensor. Only got the S10 because of the infinity display and smaller bezels tbh. Not sure if it was a good idea because this ultrasonic sensor pretty much sucks. Didn't want an optical one because of the blinding light, and flagships just don't have capacitive sensors anymore. Its sad because those are blindingly quick. Moving from the OnePlus 6 to the S10 doesn't feel worth all that extra money anymore but I'm still happy because of the huge upgrade in performance, camera and display. also no notch. Should've got the S10E though.
RIP LG forgotten by MKBHD
? !
0:58 that camera movement is lit! 🔥🔥 there is no way to beat that shot with cheap gear 😂😂
The finger print scroll function has been in Huawei phones for at least 3 years
You have a amazing camera skills👌. Btw nice vid
The robotic camera!
And the way he hides those hole punches with those unique wallpapers. Just dope.
The S10e makes more sense.
These punch hole wallpapers are getting fascinatingly accurate
1:00 should be midship
It was smart with the Baymax eye
الجهاز تكنلوجي مع الجن الكمدي
You can call it “old flagship price”
Does this phone supports wireless charging?
Watching on my s10plus
when there was sony xperia side fingerprint sensors, no body cared about them and now samsung and all of a sudden its a big them
I didnt notice the camera wtf its baymaxs eyes
This would be the best compact smartphone of 2019 for sure.
can we just appreciate the robot for one sec?! 😍
I’m left handed and fingerprint reader on the right. 








That’s a no for me😂
I'd call them the budget flagships
Shitty UI
e is for economy... im sure of it 😁
That robit arm transition is dope
Love how everyone is trying to hide the hole punch.
Samsung Galaxy S10e — old-fashion flagship!
The intro music was oddly satisfying. Was it just me? Is it some great quality or sth?? Cox I've never heard my earphones make sounds like that...🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️
very nice way to hide that punch-hole.
how abt we call it premium range
1:15
Wallpapers are crazily creative!!!
Can you turn down the resolution with the Powersaving mode?
where are the reviews of sony 21:9 phones?
This is how the iPhone will look next year of next to next year 
I'm calling it
At first, I thought it had no front camera....
Later I found it in Baymax's eye
How to hide the stupid punch hole, use an even stupider background
Actually, $750 is more than a flagship's worth, you just buy the wrong flagship.. that's why you end up with a $1000 on a "flagship"
Hit Like if the thumbnail made u watch the whole video even if u have already seen other videos of the phone
I love that Baymax's eye is the camera
Is it me or are phones getting worse? :D


LG V30, the last great phone.
Will I pay rent or will I buy a new phone?.... Let's just pray that OnePlus keeps it's prices "low"
Better price and better deal s10e
Can we possibly get a review of the Xiaomi mi 9 phone Marques ?
5:28
That's the power draw...
*did you sneak that in?*
Watching this on my new 7 plus and only one thing the 7 plus is a beast
This phone made me forgive myself for leaving Samsung Galaxy Note 4 for a OnePlus 6 and dropping from a 2K screen to a 1080p. I got my OnePlus 6 for $350, so I had to. But if I was going to buy a different option, this would have been my phone. Fingerprint scanner on the side power button is just genius, why didn't they do that with the S8 and S9?
That robot movement was super sick
Didn't like the S10e at first glance but this video made me want to buy it rather than the S10 and S10+... Nice vid Marques 👍
I love his videos his tech equipment and the content! Superb Man Superb!
1:13 "THE flagchips are $900,000"??!!
Those camera movements at 00:58 are awesome man, great production.
Next: Sony Xperia 1 please 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
What if you put a case on it ?
E=essential
Is the video 21:9? If this becomes a thing lets not forget Sony came out with a phone for this exact type of content, but Marques will prolly never review it so yeah 💁🏼‍♂️
*Flagships are like $900,000*
I've always been Anti-Samsung but this one seems like something I'd buy don't know why...
Those robotarm shots are insanely pretty!
Gotta love the s10 series wallpapers
It's a baby flagship
That Baymax wallpaper is genius!!!!
Wallpaper's eyes matche with Camera notch
e for economic?
0:58 did no one noticed camera robot action ?
Don't forget about that cool looking case in the box when you open that new s10e
0:57 this shit way too crazy, ay; you do not amaze me, ay; I blew cool from AC, ay; Obama just paged me, ay; I don't fabricate it, ay; most of y'all be fakin', ay
Okay I haven’t even watched the video yet - and that Big Hero 6 wallpaper is outstanding!
Nice wallpaper. So creative
Premium is the name
Why not?
Because I have a s10
I actually forgot where the front facing camera was!😂😂
Midrange premium = MIDRIUM, obviously
I like this creativity
Using the hole punch in wallpapers
Omg wow this video is shot so well with all the angles and transitions! I’m loving the channel keep all your hard work up!
The quality of this video is rediculous in every way. It's made so well, there is just too many reasons why to explain it.
I had a little play with that phone in samsung store the other day. And I can tell you that this phone is definitely the one for me. Size when compared with normal s10 or s10+  is just spot on, fits perfectly in my hand unlike it's bigger brothers. Screen is the same size as my S8 but the phone itself is so much smaller. Also the FLAT screen, wow, I absolutely love it. Being fed up with curved screen the s10e felt amazing. Holepunch is something to get used to but still a lot better than all the notches. And some of the wallpapers that hide the holepunch in such a smart way are just too good. I spent good 10min playing with s10e and there's absolutely nothing I would complain about. Love it, absolutely love it.
MKBHD: We need a new name

S10R
Nice review. I'm probably going to get this phone but the price definitely has to go down (when it hits 450 bucks, I will buy). I don't get why people are so readily willing to pay this much money for a non-flagship (let alone the flagship prices) when you can almost buy a MacBook, two iPads or a quality mirrorless camera for the same amount. I get that these phones pack nice tech in a (fairly) pocketable enclosure but that has always been the case and yet the prices are continuing to go up. It's nothing to do with being poor and everything to do with wanting performance that is worth the price. Don't get me wrong, nowadays you can take pretty amazing pictures with a thin smart phone but even that tech can be found in smartphones that are a lot cheaper (OnePlus 6 for example takes some amazing pics). 


I just generally love the fact that we have gotten to a point where something like S10e is called both compact (when it's tough to use it with one hand and put it inside a small/tight pocket) and affordable (when its price tag equals two iPads). However, I do think (now that Sony didn't release a new compact and the rumours suggest their future compact is taller than S10e) that the S10e is probabably the best option in terms of small size and performance.
I had to skip back to the intro again to appreciate it in full
E is for Economical apparently
Standard Range Plus actually
I love the wallpapers!! They are literally the best thing and cover up the camera so well.
Fortnite and Markass brownee
"Expensive mid range"
(that will drop in price soon)
Love your wallpaper
You think? S10e is better than iphoneXr  whats makes you have a doubt it is obvious that 10e is better
Gotta respect how Marques is never biased to any phone or brand. A real reliable gentleman 👌🏽
almost perfect phone
Lower case e 😂😂
Perfect professional channel MKBHD
This price point should be called destroyer since it's not the flagship
That's nice & cool...great review...
The only channel where I don't get bored. Quality instead of quantity
That's mkbhd
Do you have tables of every colour?
The wallpaper on 0:48 gives me ocd
0:43 Marques KEARNY Brownlee
Does the s10e have reverse wireless charging?
MarkASS BROWNIE
Should I buy it, because the price differnce from the s10 is 100€?
I think Australia got stafted we have a S10+ with an Exynos chip not the Snapdragon 😡
That price range should be called " Middle Finger to Premium"
WAIT FLAGSHIPS ARE 900,000 DOLLARS
Samsung Galaxy S10essential
He meant.... "$900 - $1000" in flow he said it "$900000" just like Trump meant " Tim and Apple" and said " Tim Apple" though I will troll Trump more then MarkAss 😂
Entry level flagships.
The wallpaper is the highlight
Where did u get that Wallpaper? 😍😍😍 Can i have it¿
Please stop calling yourself tech expert while clinging to electronic gadgets which stopped evolving ages ago
Using that Kendrick Humble video style. I like it
That wallpaper is simply amazing.
Let me tell you once you buy some of these phones you won’t notice some of these “defects”, you will just notice the phone is working and that’s what we want a working phone.
S10 Economy
Can we talk about how smooth 0:57 was? Great editing work and implementation of Mia
Low end flagship
Other than the OS, this S10e killed XR in every way.
Above Mid-range, Below Flagship? How about a Low Flagship? Hahaha
I feel your view is biased towards the Samsung S series... The phones are worth the hype, but not the cost. Just saying.
I fucking love the s10e tbh it's the form factor for me I'm coming from an s7 and its literally the same size except the s10e is all screen unlike the s7 the fingerprint scanner is my favorite with the gesture to pull down notifications its game changing fucking genius man
S10e or iPhone XR??
Does anyone feel that apart from the tech reviewers the public don't care about the screen to body ratio or the chin length ?
nah, that's a sub-flagship
Don't do that peace thing it feels ridiculous.
Love the wallpaper. 😍
What an about the VR quality! 😠
I think it’s low end flagship.
How about just premium????
Good display, great camera, long battery life and a motherfucking headphone jack....looks like my next phone
That wallpaper though..
Yes.. PREMIUM MIDRANGE... 👍👍
I don't think we need a new name, the price doesn't define the category, the phone does. There is flagship and overpriced flagship. The Mi Mix 3 taught me that.
Because yuck
My new s10 just came in the mail today! I love it. I like it more then the plus. The small hole punch looks better then that rectangular double punchout. Also its 6.1 inches so it's nearly as big as the s9 plus! That was 6.2 inches lol. So the regular s10 feels and looks almost like a plus model. Its huge and more then big enough. Its wider then my s9 and overall it just looks amazing. I thought I'd hate the hole punch but it blends in nicely:) great phone!
My galaxy A5 still rolls! 🤘
My guess is, the 'e' stands for 'everyone'. Because everyone can afford it. That's the idea, at least.
I prefer the fingerprint reader 100% than the face id. I hope more manufacturers do this instead going with the face id
E stands for Essential
Samsung has clearly adopted Apple's strategy of having a three model lineup, with a cheaper alternative to the 'real flagships'. They've also taken the opportunity to bump their prices up and no one seems to be complaining about that ...
call them mid flags
I tHink e stands for expEnSive
How about reviewing the Nokia 9 phone? It's biggest selling point is the Camera.  So far your reviews in terms of "New phone tech" is bouncing between Apple and Samsung.
Budget(under $1000) is the new trend. I'm all in
Budget Phone
Mid-range Phone
High end Phone
Flagship Phone
Whoa whoa whoooa that camera movement
That looks like a Nokia 3310 in his big hands
I want to know who came up with the tiny cast iron skillet for the background and the thought process behind it. "Let's throw a tiny pan in there, why not!"
"natural resting position" .... yeeeah, sure : if you're RIGHT HANDED.
😦😦😦😦😦
Idk about you guys but have you noticed how Marquess says "madafak" in every single video for a month now?
E stands for essentials
Crazy how nobody mentions that the notofication gesture was on the s8 too
😨😨😨😨😨
😲😲😲😲😲
Clicked bcoz of the wallpaper haha
Should have put the finger print reader on the back like the s9
crispy video
@1:14 he says the flagships are $900 000 😂
E=essential
You look like joseph david-jones from dctv arrow playing connor hawke
that robot shot at 1:00😋
Budget Premium..
Flagboat Phone.
S10e colors now with exotic animals in it, flamingo pink, elephant grey, gorilla silver back, phanter black and albino crocodile white
Where do you get this picture
Wallpaper link
Galaxy S10eco
Wow
Fingerprint reader is quite handy
S10e is only USD 660 here...
What is purpose of fastest finger print
kali krishna change your fuck hait style bad ass
You dont need to go all the way to the top to swipe down the notification bar on Samsung's...you can just swipe down from the middle of the screen
0:57 ..damn son....
Can you remap the bixby key to turn off display
He uses an iPhone as his every day phone and an Apple Watch and a MacBook and an iPad Air, yet he insinuates Apple users are sheep. What a fucking shill
To me it’s the Best Buy .. plus the size is good to fit in your pocket etc.
damn im bout to sell my S10 Plus for the S10e
The dealbreaker for me is that the power button / fingerprintreader is way too high up on this phone. I tried it on my S8 since they got a similar size, it's really uncomfortable for me as someone with smaller hands
When are you reviewing the note 10?
Is it worth trading from S9 plus to S10e? I'm really into wide lenses , and not into curved edges of S10/plus.
galaxy s10e or galaxy s9 ?
Why not? Because a "premium budget" phone is a dumb concept. Way too close priced to the actual flagship to be even taken into consideration. Who can realistically afford the S10e but NOT the S10?
Amazing review as always...
His video quality is amazing
e for economic
Soo i watched like 20 videos and i didnt notice that this is *Marques Brownlee*
Fantastic as ever!! MKBHD I mean
1:15 *$900
Unlocking the phone while it’s sitting on a table wouldn’t be possible with the fingerprint on the side.
That wallpaper is classic🌟
All the new Samsung’s this year should of had the power button fingerprint scanner. The screen fingerprint reader is only on the higher priced phones as a show off feature
Get me da ikonik skin
Call it  a Budget flagship
Gunship wallpaper background on your laptop
I bought the normal S10 because I like the size and the single front facing camera.
I'll buy this phone only to install this wallpaper.
When I unboxed my S10+ I noticed plastic on the RILs the side it's tiny very small but I have OCD are we supposed to take this plastic off OCD is killing me but not sure if we supposed to leave it on
Low-Mid-HIGH-Premium
e stands for essential
Guru 🙏
900,000 dollars or 900 to a 1000 dollars haha.
Software updates.....from Samsung lol
I am just loving how well put together the table is! Love it!
I see those cards👀 are those Red NOCs?
Unless you think  it
Honestly we are in a point of time where you could use literally any some what new phone and it would pleases you. As long as you don't core game or have a vr headset, current smartphone processor are just to overpowered for daily usuage. I do switched to the pocophone f1 after my LG g6 had mad problems and so far I can't find a bet thing about it. It has really amazing battery life, fast fingerprint sensors and face recognition and all. (Only downside would be MiUi but well get Nova Launcher) 

So to sum it up, its amazing how far smartphone in general came these days, but who really needs that much power
noting that the price will drop, this could be a worth upgrade to my a5 2017 since that was a spanking phone for the price
700% isn't budget, 250 is budget
Will you be testing the Nokia 9 Pureview (camera's) soon?
Or does anyone now good review vids where Nokia's camera's are being compared to flagship phones like the Samsung S10?
(there are comparison vids out there, but there are a lot of "this is fake" comments with those vids because those vids where released before the phone itself was released)
700% isn't budget, 250 is budget
When a 5.8 inch screen is considered small.
Ok this phone is absolutely amazing and I would have bought it if it wasn’t because of android, weak update support etc. Still an amazing phone tho...
s10e pound for pound
That fingerprint sensor looks superior to me tbh... I’m a huge fan of the notification bar gesture that you can do. Great review!
am i the only one in love with this wordplay? 
"since the phone is smalerl its not much of a bigger deal and with bigger hands its less of a big deal"
I think the “e” in S10e stands for “everyone.” Just like the “R” in iPhone XR stands for “regular.”

These are the new “regular” or “standard” model phones that most people should get, while the flagships are more what I’d consider “pro” or “enthusiast” phones.
I think I will buy this or other S10 series.. Not now. Maybe next year. Depends on the price.
mofuckin' gorgeous
That Baymax wallpaper blows my mind.
Am I the only one that dislike the hole punch in the screen. It really ruins everything about the phone. Plz no hole and no notches for 2019 and beyound.
My nokia x6 has a 5.8 inch display and i think this almost the perfect size. When i use phones with 6.3 or 6.4 inch displays it feels super wierd except for when consuming media on YouTube or elsewhere
0:56 "The big 3 are..." *Mentions 4 features*
Well the gesture on the finger explains as to why they opted to place it higher. Even when its high up you trigger it accidentally, imagine if it was lower
900 thousand $$$!?!?
Getting my s10e on march 15, soooo excited
Great phone
At the same price in my country between Apple products and Samsung products. When they translate it to the market, iPhone will cost 2times the price of Samsung phone. Like the S10 plus at the same dollars range the Samsung is only half of the XS price. Probably because Samsung produce it's smartphone in my country while Apple still paying too much tax plus we need to pay like 20% of the iPhone price every year.
I was thinking of buying this phone..but this costs exactly 970us$ in my country Pakistan..
I think i am good with my samsung s9. I mean no one will stop me if they see my phone..and a big shame on samsung to increase 220us$ in my area..i mean i can get a complete good phone for 220 for my dad..
S10 eleven
Reason I got this phone
1. its 5.8 inch with actually fullscreen display
2. Fingerprint reader so as soon as i pick my phone it unlocks as i wanted
3. Flat screen is cooler than edged screen i must say.
4. Punch hole camera , no notch, that's what i call innovation. the punchhole is superbly placed so even when you are working on the phone it does not bother you.
5. Customization of OS is so cool in this. Edge colors, notifications and other things based on your needs.
6. Little bit bezels are needed to hold the phone, which is perfect for s10e
7. Camera is awesome. crisp and clear.

And while i was typing this just got the big hero pic, adjusted and got the same wallpaper as his phone :) Loving it .
E for economy?
New name: the new budget... Since the premium range has increased, this is the new budget lol
E = Ergonomic
I'm guessing the note 10 will be 1250$ then note 12 will have under display camera
The intro was Amazing ❣️❣️
To this day, i still don't understand, unequal thickness of bezels, cmon samsung, apple can do with the XS

Plus, i dont know why in US this s10e cost u $750 while here, $750 for s10+
All your wallpapers for the s10 lineup are crazy😄👌
anyone has the file for that mountain wallpaper? been trying to find it for ages
Marques, I noticed you were pulling down the notification drawer with the fingerprint reader but swiping up on the screen... But on my S9 I can pull down the notification drawer with a swipe down on the back fingerprint reader AND push the drawer neck up with a fingerprint swipe up, so are you sure you can't do both directions on the S10e's fingerprint reader?
The sdcardslot and 3.5mm isn't even mentioned anymore. But I'm convinced people still do like it.
Compact and beauty
New name for these mid-range power houses.
"Battleships"
Not flag-ships, but competitive with a punch!
that notification pull down thing exists since a long time, nothing new
I'll go after the 10+ only because of the batery. I thought it might be possible for this phone to have the best autonomy since it's smaller, but it seems not...
If you would be able to buy an s9+ for $750 too, would you recommend that one or the s10e?
how about "ab-midrange"
This should have been the phone for me. Too bad I live in Asia, and the exynos version sucked ass!
How people didn't know that yet? The "e" stands for Essential, Samsung mentioned it on their billboard promotion
This is my favorite Samsung phone honestly
The "e" in s10e stands for "essential"
That time when people wanted a Samsung phone more than an iPhone (headphone jack welcome back)
0:58 new cinebot action is super cool 🕶
3:50 you are the king of the picture
Hello Marques! The "e" stands for essentials.
I loved the wallpaper 😎
Call it ex flagship price range
It is a budget flagship!
Samsung:- It may be pricy for some people around the globe
Apple:- but not us
              Not us!!
Looks like the perfect upgrade for my S7 edge but it still works so well. Confused.
I'm probs only gonna get it for the sick wallpapers xD
Omg i love love love baymax
That's an amazing movie :)
its entry level premium phone
Samsung Galaxy S10eh why not?
It's a budget flagship
What a cute thumbnail
The e stands for essential
I'm glad I never bought an iPhone.
Hmm just like i found you buying samsung s10 from philippines? on SM
Didn't Samsung say essential?
Hello Marq ass Brownlee
Samsung needs to bring back the flat display on Note 10!
I don't know but I think one plus 6t is better, maybe if galaxy s10e was 550$ was better
How about battery life?
0:58 that camera work..u got me
So basically it has more features than s10 and it's a better deal.. I think it's just better than s10... Hopefully next year we get a better mid-range phone?
this price range should be named sub-flagship
Please make a video on SAMSUNG GALAXY A50!
Is it worth upgrading to this from an 8 month old, perfectly functioning Moto G6? I could do with a better camera so this, P20 Pro, some other phone or is Moto G6 worth keeping for longer?
It was pretty dope how the camera moved when showing the main differences of the phone, quality camera work there👌👌👌
$900,000 wow that's a pricey phone
Excellent review brother, greetings from the Dominican republic. 😎👍
Why on earth do they put glass on the back on phones. Does it still have samsung bloatware
Screen on time ?
That wall paper tho
Can we talk about the fact there is no Notification light? Its a pain, that is one of the main thing I never used iPhones. Yes there is a flash screen and a flash camera setting... but its not the same as a notification light that with out turning the phone on lets me know i have a notification. At least make EDGE act like a notification light that lights up every 10seconds or so. Its a pain... i think i will return this s10
The iPhone Xr goes on sale all the time to £500
It should be priced at 35k to 40k then it would be more sold device by s10 n s10+
e stands for economy
Sub-flagship?
I'll tell you why not :  that chin , the asymmetry is driving me nuts.
Give me the wallpaper
Guess I can't use this phone being left handed
Premium midrange = PreMi
But why samsung dont give snapdragon processor in India ,
this is the budget device "galaxy budget device" India a great market for it Exynos makes lot of diffrence as the benchmarks says.
I still have my s7 almost for 3 years now. I was thinking about to get the s9 or is the s10e better?
I agree.
4:03 Kearny.

Marques Kearny Brownlee.
The one you are holding , is that a give away , i don't know why you have to tease for these phone , i am still using Google Nexux 🤣
I work for a phone chain the UK called Carphone Warehouse, and our Samsung rep has told us that the ‘e’ stands for essentials
The Fact that Baymax's Eye is not fully aligned with the hole bunch is irritating me!
huawei niupi
Why Title Looks Like This?
I would call this Quasi-flagship
Pre flagship?
It's a "budget" high end
"Markass Brownlee".
BETTER THAN IPHONE XR ALL THE FUCKIN WAY
Love Marques’ videos, they just seem to improve after every video. Also, I think that the different airline classes are suitable names for the now very diverse price ranges of phones, haha:

Budget price range: economy 
Mid range price: premium economy
$750 price: business class
$900-$1000: flagship/first class
Because of battery live :(
But can I get the Ikonik Fortnite Skin on the S10E?
That wallpaper is awesome 😍😍😍
$900,000 no deal!
i have watched every single unboxing, review and every thing about this phone i want it so badly  but its so expensive here in india for me 
I will have to save money for a year to buy this phone :(
Idk but it doesn't look premium has a boxy shape and too thick imo
Who didn't turn vibrate off while making the video at 6:37 ? 😂
I think the name for the new category would be "Flagcheap" still a flagship but cheaper, in their own expensive way.
I want to upgrade to the s10e or s10, just to be able to use that wallpaper like that...
3:28 This is what I miss most in new phones with in display fingerprint readers. 
Seriously, just keep it on the back or side. Then again, most people wanted a headphone jack and flagship phones with 3.5 jacks are becoming extinct.
i don't know why but its so fun to whatch your content because the videos look so clean and nice and i can't wait for the moment that your will start to upload every single day/ your a honest and kind youtuber that never hides the truth and your truly the best one out there but to make sure your are a great man you need to sub to pewdiepie.
Maybe e stands for 'ergonomic'..
iPhone XR vs samsung s10e

what is the best output camera? test it with take a pict, video 60fps, video stabilizer
that wallpapers! 👌
S10e, e for express? Like PCIe
I managed to get my S10 for the price of an S10e, otherwise I would've totally gone with the smaller model
Def the best looking Samsung. The Prism Black version made me want to switch from my iPhone based on design alone
E stands for essential
I like 5.8 inch. I want this phone.
E= economy 💵
4:35 are you sure that's not an xs max? it's such a tiny lil thing! awwwwwwwwwwww
Dat wallpaper tho!!! 😲😲😎 I c u bruh lol
900 thousand dollars?!?!?!!
1:54 whos that scratching the back?
*The video is too smooth....I loved the zooming if the camera*
S10e or wait for the Note 10? dammit can't decide, upgrading from iP6S+
LAST YEAR I BOUGHT A S8, AND I FELT THE SCREEN IS BIT TOO SENSITIVE FOR ME. I OFTEN TAP ON AND ENTER A PAGE I DONT WANT TO SEE WHILE SWIPING/SCROLLING. IS  THERE STILL THIS  KIND OF PROBLEM ON S10S?
My god that colour is beautiful.
thinking if I should go for Oneplus 7 or S10e. Currently using an iPhone X. I am more of an experiential user
without the Wide Angle Cam lens,  the phone is a deal breaker for my needs.
Dope cam!
e for essential
How about face recognition that can be fooled by your photo or video? Samsung has an issue.
Watching on s7, will buy S10e on 2021
You forgot you need to buy the higher end phone if you have a really small penis. I mean like tiny
Phones are like wake boats, the technology gap from 10 years ago is insane but now a wakeboat costs 200k
the quality of this video is nuts I'm going through it 
you never disappoint!!!
Can someone answer if the S10e supports Dex? Im looking for a galaxy phone that supports Dex so instead of getting an S8 i might pick this up instead if it does.
How about "Almost Flagship"?
3 Months Later the S10e will cost like 500-550€ and the s10 like 700€.
I love these creative wallpapers lol
I was going to buy this over S10 but got swayed into S10 would be a better phone. But trust me, ultrasonic fingerprint reader not only slower, when outdoors, in direct daylight, you will see the annoying silhouette of the scanner under your screen. S10e is a better phone!
the flagships are 900,000?! 1:15
It's for economy
maybe we cal this premium ans the s10 super premium
Thanks Marques, you always make the best videos.
E = efficient
Make a review video for the sony 1 please.
Just picked up my S10+ coming from a Note 8. 
I can definitely confirm that the ultrasonic fingerprint reader is slow and somewhat annoying, I've only had the phone for a couple of days so perhaps my experience will improve as I get used to it. 
I would absolutely have gotten the S10e, except it I absolutely must have a large display.
I also miss not having the LED notification light, although there may be software fix for that eventually.
I also don't like the fact that they got rid of the single. In the navigation bar that would allow you to hide the navigation buttons. Not sure why they got rid of this it was super handy on Long trips to be able to hide those buttons and maximize your screen real estate for maps.
They apparently also totally screwed up the face ID, apparently now it's basically totally insecure. Not sure how you screw that up considering the previous phones worked reliably.
1:15 wow I didn't know flagships where 900 000 dollars
in my country Samsung S10+ price is 960$ & comes with Galaxy Buds and Powerbank
Admit it, people watch your videos, just because you have an expensive camera, and you show flashy camera angles. Also you use hasselblad camera.....and not canon. Nobody, actually cares about ya reviews, people only like your studio setup... That's it
Have you got your own robot camera now?
I need the link to the macbook pro wallpaper
Samsung Galaxy SeX
e stands for Essential , it's new in all their devices (coming from a guy who works for them)
I really want to buy this and i think it's much better than the XR but i can't because i have an Apple Watch and AirPods so i'll have to get a new iPhone instead...
s10e sounds like pixel lite upcoming , to my perspective , Epic Tech video Marques !!!😉
e - ECONOMY ??
like 500$ then okey
I prefer flat displays.
0:58 nice to see you using the kira
Awesome Video Marques.
Why not Xiaomi MI 9 SE that costs 300 USD?
Here in Canada i looked at the source. The pricing they had were $1,300 huge diffrence. Also $1,000 on amazon
The display for the S10e is FHD+ right?
could you please do one about the s10 (the middle one)?
Meanwhile Ronaldo destroyed atletico 3-0
Wallpaper is dope
I wish they the kept the camera module in black 
The camera module looks so much better on the S10 s10+
Your hands are huge....🤔🤔
I actually love the physical fingerprint sensor on my Note 9.
call it a pesudo-flagship
Flagship Lite?
Please make Samsung vs oneplus your thoughts
Alright, so the million dollar question: Which phone is in your pocket if you’re buying it with your own money and have to live with it? Is it the S10? S10e? Xr? Xs? OnePlus?
Can we all please stop and acknowledge how well this video was put together??? Insane shots and editing!
I can have 2 one plus 6
That wallpaper in thumbnail is soo innovative
1:44  that touchpad really that large? Holy shit!!! Lol apple
Excellent review as always :-)

I would argue that the new £1k phones are "premium flagships". A category that used to be exclusive to the Galaxy Note series. Phones like this S10e and iPhone XR are the classic flagships because they have the latest chipsets but keep the normal flagship price of £750.
s10e and xr are normal phones
Xs-Xs max and s10-s10+ are luxurious phones now :)


Thanks apple for making us get less for more money now ^_^
Midrange+
This beats XR in every aspects. Battery? fk that, there's fast charging out of the box.
Marques you can swipe down from the home screen to access the notification panel you have to toggle that in the settings.

If you're in an app than do like you said using the fingerprint scanner
I have a S7 and this phone will be my next upgrade, as I have been waiting for a Samsung with high end specs, a flat screen and a small footprint. All box's checked. It was in fact even slightly smaller than my S7 when comparing them in store.
Insane quality. Marques the 'e' on S10e stands for Essential because it has all the essential features that a simple galaxy does have 😊
Watching this on my S10! 😊😍
I'm Moving from Samsung to Apple or Google. Sick of Samsung Australian VOC departments ignorant and arrogant attitude when it comes to repairs on there broken products. Good luck Switching hopefully you don't get a dud product like mine, otherwise kiss your money good buy they wont fix it!
first youtuber that doesnt have the yellow color
Samsung is really rocking it
I have a choice between the regular s10 and the s10e and which should i buy?
How the hell does this qualify as a "review"?
what if i am left handed?
it isn't QHD screen
I am from india and i subscribed to YT Premium ☺
1:02
But in India its price is 75% of iPhone Xr
Anything above 700 IS A FLAGSHIP
Did you deliberately place that TV on the upper side of the video so that it can hide the S10s hole punch camera? :)
Because the batterys explode again
Theres a setting in Samsung phones where you can swipe down anywhere on the homescreen to pull down notifications.  Thumbs up so people know.
I had heard somewhere, that the 'E' simbol is stands for 'Essential'
Hey MKBHD,  I guess the placement or the design of power button way up rather than in the middle of the device may be for the accessories such as mobile holders or similar stands which holds the phone in the middle and thereby it allows the same accessory to accommodate more phones in various sizes.
Call it a budget flagship
How much screen on time you get with this phone
S10 vs mi9
"why not" 
hmm.. because i'm left handed!
and thats a done deal, s10 it is then
3:14 On the preview is the fingerprint better placed =D
Actually it is better deal than Iphone Xs not Xr.....
I recently got my hands on a S10+ and I gotta say it is not that huge as people say it is. The iPhone XS Max felt like a tank in front of that S10+.
The Samsung buds plss...
The phone looks great, but the Bixby button is a deal breaker.
Phone looks really cute in your hands.
Flagships are $900,000 hahaha
the wallpaper looks awesome
Meanwhile..apple users are buying chargers and dongles seperately😂
budget flagship
My kind of phone....😍
The ”e” stands for essential
In the UK the 10e is £699 vs £749 for the XR. Everybody seems to forget that nobody but Apple uses a 121 pricing strategy and always says they're the same price. Even in the UK they say they're the same price for the sake of easy comparison especially when reviewed by Apple channels.
I think it’s peach.
Best thing you forgot: it is small! Finally a new phone that is small.
Finally no curved infinity display on a new Samsung! Always hated that look and glare you get on the sides,  now I can upgrade my S7 and still get a flat display :)
nine hundred thousand dollars!! Wow flagships a really expensive. :D
4 icons on homescreen looks like a toy phone
And people said 5.8" was above average
It's smaller than the iPhone x
1:14 900,000 dollars?????
I'm sorry but this is 🗑
The new galaxy phones look great but the prices for these phones are getting way to high I currently own a galaxy s8+ I might hold on to it for a while longer
The S10e, like the XR, look like phones that you'd buy your baby brother or sister. They look like toys really. No wonder the more expensive S10 and S10+ are selling better.
The ”e” stands for ”essentials”, meaning that it is a scaled down version of the s10/+, keeping the essentials.
I like the term 'premium midrange'. That sounds hot.
Midship
Essential Premium or Compact as new category. I would have liked it if the made the phone a bit smaller, between 5,5 and 5,2 inch screen would make it small enough. The fingerprint reader is on the right place just not the right hight. Everyone should test if it works with them before they buy it. Would have been nice to have a left hand version in this case.
Maybe the high button placement is to strengthen the frame. We've seen what happens when there are weaknesses midway through the sides.
That wallpaper had me so confused about the hole punch cutout
It's the first all screen small phone in the market and if it were 550 i would buy it
e=eww?
MKBHD is now an advertiser. Marquis, your videos used to be their
Mate 20 pro why not instead of s10e
Xr is better and faster✌️
I'd honestly rather have a bit of a bezel. I don't know why phone manufacturers want the screen as close to the edge as possible. With my Pixel 2 I sometimes smash buttons or things on the screen that I don't want to because it's right near the edge. And that actually has a bit of a bezel compared to other phones. I also find stretching to the bottom buttons difficult at times without the phone wanting to tip forward in my hand. They should come up with a counter weight at the bottom to resolve this.
Woah, what dah... Did you just do there 0:58
Id just get the S10+ because I just want the bigger everything
S10e’s e stands for “essential”. Via official samsung store in Korea
Classic flagship.

This used to be the flagship price a few years ago.
Its actually hard to choose this year between the 3 models
Sony Xperia 10 review?
s10e in UK is a LOT cheaper than the shit XR lmao, sirry america
It's a crime not to watch your video in full screen
How people like a hole on the screen?
750 usd !!!, maybe Samsung don't see Chinese phone recently 😂😂😂.
I would like a review of all the wallpapers only. That robot is so cute
Midrange+
Id only want it cause the SD.
what if you use phone only left hand? would be better on screen fingerprint or backside
0:46 amazing wallpaper😎
Mkbhd Review the s10 please.
Call it premium, and the more expensive ones executives..
"flagships are like 900000 dollars"
Can't stop watching that scene....
Fortnite
My 250$ galaxy A7 2018 has everything the S10e has, except the hole punch cut out.
Remember when flagships used to be $650? Good times.
If only they made a 5 inch one. That woud be perfect
the "e" is for "essential"
Quite an honest review 👍
who else reads his name as marques brownie
The $800-$1000 flagship is still a high end sports car. The One Plus 6 is a 350Z. The crazy $1200, $1500, and $2000 phones are luxury supercars. The S10e is still in a sane buyer's flagship bracket. The insane options are the new category, maybe call them Superphones?
Watching this on my S10+
Hello, I'm Baymax
I really love the S10e!! (Compare to S10+) I don’t know why hahahahaha
That sucks i really wanted this phone. Im left handed. I even put my phone in my left pocket.
0:58 Those smooth robot pans
3:51 transparent!!???
Samsung why not S10e +
That Baymax wallpaper compliments the on-screen camera.
Amazing production! Whenever I need information on tech I come here :)
Are you located in Kearny (Kearny Mesa CA)??
E Stands For Markass Browni *e*
Yaaaaaaaaaa it's rewind time.
If I could control rewind, I would want, Fortnite and marques brownlee




is this what you want?


QUiT HOrSIN' aROunD
can we get some of that jumping music?
Jumping music?
*_MARKASS BROWNIE_*
Again, omitting the omission of the heart rate sensor on this model....
Super satisfying watching this video on my s10+
E stands for economy
Marques Brownlee is pro for explaining techs and uploading quality videos. Although i dont knw why some people disliking videos.
that camera movement is just amazing! 0:59
So flagships are now 900 000$?
e stands for essential
Who's this Markass guy? He's good, he should make more of these kind of videos.
Another great review Marques.
How about called it "Flagship lite"?
I don't understand the logic behind these companies are  investing on these in screen fingerprint reader instead of old capacitive one since old one's haven't done anything harm to the screen..
I liked home screen
E Stands For EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Small "e" for a little less Expensive
E = Essential
This is the best S10 for the price. Super deal.
Just buy a OnePlus instead
Only reason i’m getting the s10 plus is bcuz of the screen.
S10E THE BATTERY if 5000mah 1500dollaers I buy it
Fuck this ass kissers
With 855 snap it is a good deal.
With Exynos samsung can put it in never light place!
That’s basically Dave2D’s review
Why does no one talks about the speaker quality anymore?
fuck your mom black monkey
Should be called "Budget Flagships's"
Seriously considering downsizing from my note 9 to this
i mean id categorize it as lower on the premium specter. from what ive seen most people say 3-6/700 is midrange and anything above is high end, maybe not flagship but high end.
You can find the wallpaper by just searching Samsung galaxy s10 wallpapers, and scroll down. It will be there. The baymax wallpaper😍
I got an S10 ad
Baymax is watching
its a better deal than the whole newest iphone range
Whatever's just below flagship is guaranteed to be at least unqualified premium.
They did play on the word Essential alot at unpacked. It has all the essentials that the larger models have... therfore in short, S10e. It's also on their website.
Let's call it a midmium phone
Or u need more storage
Until games allow cross platform account syncing, I’m going to stay with one brand of phone
1:14 flagships are like nine hundred thousand?????
I was deciding between s10E and s10 and was leaning towards the s10E. Then I saw the ultra wide camera on the s10 and thought it was well worth it.
I freaking love that wallpaper it works so well
How about gaming?
What makes this video good:
Real think and criticism, showing of opinion
What doesn't make a good video (but doesn't make it bad either):
Fancy camera work.

Good job there bud.
Still the best review man
e stands for essential
they said so indirectly in the keynote
Hello Mark Ass brownie
I guess we now have budget, mid, high, and flagship?
I hope he's getting paid by samsung for making both of these new phones seem very attractive. Personally sticking with the pixel XL
You can also run Dex mode. You should talk about it in your videos. Its really cool
Can I have that phone please
Came for the wallpaper!
I wonder if screen replacement will be cheaper since it's a flat display?  $250 to replace the screen on the S9 hurts, and as far as I can tell that's Samsung doing the work at cost.  If so this really helps the e become a budget friendly phone.
Notification panel pull down with the fingerprint sensor has been around for a while!
Who else fuck their dog?
0:57   " the big THREE. The camera, fingerprint reader, display, and price" that's 4 😂
E stands for essential
You forgot commenting on the buttons. How's the feedback there?? Are they clicky enough?
Call it Entry level flagship :)
the "e" stands for essential.  samsung already said this.
Honestly I just really like the S10e because the display is flat. I own the S8+ and honestly that curved screen gets annoying after a while.
$750 is too much. This phone is NOT better than a OnePlus 6T
Call it a midship!
Once again...a nice video
Just some mkbhd things
Dhat Minimalism!!!!! 😎
I love it but the price tho :( I'll get the S12 I if I start saving now I guess
@MKBHD E stands for essential....... I've already commented on the previous video
top tier midrange
That's hot! 😌
Loved the wallpaper❤
E for 'economical' - Samsung Galaxy S10economical
flag range!
I love it's face unlock .
That’s hot
Indian pricing of iPhone XR and galaxy S10e is different, the latter is cheaper
What are the odds of Samsung releasing a Galaxy Note10e?
Can you review the Galaxy Buds
Cause its not an iPhone ✌🏼
The S10e is better value than the S10(& plus) models. It will be best to buy this much later in the year for the best value
Does S10e has wireless power share?
Huh that cam machine is sick 😍
Not the same size side bezeles bro, not the same
High range, end range, top range, premium,  enthusiast.



Top range is my favorite so far
‘Flag ships are like 900,000 dollars 😂’

Yes I know he means 900-1000 dollars.
I prefer the finger-print reader on the back or on the power button...
1:15 900 thousand dollars $$
I guess i came just because of the wallpaper
How about "budget Flagship"?
i will wait couple of months more and buy this phone!
Heyyyyyy sexy chocolate with your fine self. I found you. How are you cutie pie.
Poor Man's Flagship
Still no DAC
So happy to see the return of a flat screen. I'm also loving the fingerprint scanner on the side of the phone.

I'm really hoping the Note 10 comes with a flat screen and the fingerprint scanner on the sides.🙏🙏🤞🤞
I think the display and camera quality is not that good.  I already bought it.
3:11 ghost touch :O
Budget; Midrange; *Premium;* Flagship
I really love Apple but damn... they better show up this year...
One of the best reviews ever!! Good comparisons and explanations!! The 10e is my next phone for sure
S10...







E
MID PREMIUM.............HOW BOUT THAT
How much did they pay you? So many worthy tech out there & you keep putting samsung up there. 
Make it less obvious, atleast
Can you make a video with the galaxy buds, with both iPhone and android!
High range tbh
Does the hole punch eat in to 18:9 content though? That's my biggest complaint with the S10, the cameras slightly eat the video when not zoomed. Really don't appreciate my videos being covered in any way
Could the e stand for essential?
Plz review a50.
Here's a question, which one is the better deal: 1) a Samsung S10e, or 2) a OnePlus 6T?

(Me I'm kinda thinking the latter...)
It's priced as flagships 2 years ago, stop calling it midrange
One plus crackables device!!!!!!!!! 3:51
Should I sell my 9+ for this?
I like the flat displays
Am I the only one who thinks the S10e is aesthetically more beautiful than the S10+?
wat you need and wat you want.
Midship
The fingerprint scanner gesture thing is present on my s8 for 2 years. It is nothing new.
Compare with lg g8 i think it offers more value than this more crisp screen larger battery new cool technological stuffs (i mean face id not hand id and air motion ) under slightily small prize tag (as per korean market).I think all youtubers are so much baised to samsung 
Only my feeling even mkbhd is doing that stuff why
Okay so I understand that this is probably a great phone, and feature for feature, it’s better than the 10R, but did Marques not mention that the 10R was also the phone that most people should get, even though that flopped? It seems to me that even though this phone might be a better deal, there’s not enough of a price difference for most people to consider getting the midrange premium model when it came to the iPhone and might be true with the 10R. Anyone else agree?
Are those the red nocs on the table?
Wallpaper level - Infinity
THE XIAMO MI 9 IS A MUCH BETTER CHOICE !! Same processor, triple camera (with 1 sensor 48 pixel) , premium design, amoled screen and only 450 $
I don't personally like displays bigger than 5.5...
It's a *BUGDET FLAGSHIP*
These new s 10 phones makes me want to switch back to Samsung/ android after using iPhone for about a year
Ayyyyyy my guy baymax remember watching that years ago
Victor Oladipo, what are you doing here?
samsuck once again
The S10e is true win :-) this year Samsung done well !!!
e stands for Essential.... Nice video... That Wallpaper just hides the punch... Man looks awesome..
The flagships are like 900,000$ 🔥 1:15
0:59 I WAS JUST CONFUSED WHEN HE SAYS FINGERPRINT READER LATER I GET TO KNOW ABOUT THAT AFTER WATCHING HIS FULL REVIEW.








just love that robot arm movement
If you don't know who is the robot in the wallpaper he is Baymax from the movie Big Hero 6.
Nice flamingo colour (^^^_^
It's obviously infinitely better than the crapple ishit 10R that they should price it slightly higher to make people understand it's more premium
I wish the iPhone XR has that notification center swipe feature.. ;-;
Nice flamingo colour (^^^_^
*E*
that wallpaper 👍
I went to the store with the intentions of buying an iphone xr and came home with an s10 plus lol
Samsung really killed it this go round, I got the Plus, I love my phone big and maxed out, but the S10e is such a good value for the money. You get a lot of phone for the price, and it makes very few sacrifices compared to the iPhone XR. You still get an AMOLED screen, that's reason enough. The screen on the XR is just not up to par anymore. Not saying it's a bad screen, Apple makes good LCDs, but an AMOLED is so much better.
shot in 32k? how you make it so crispy?
I’ve been an avid iPhone user for many years (started with the iPhone 4) but honestly I’m willing to try an android.
640$ in Hong Kong ! No doubt it’s the best Samsung Deal
Why did they even bother colouring the camera module, it looks ugly compared to the regular S10 & S10+
The swipe feature has been in s8 for long
They are so expensive but behave themselves similar  to the Samsung J series
I wish it would cost as much as the oneplus would probably get this instead then.
Hey marques, great video! Wch one would you suggest bet s10 and s10e and is the batt on s10e good enough fr moderate use?
Why would it have option to change resolution when it is already full hd plus ?
Hey man give me that phone
Fair enough
Marques it's premium economy
"3500 miliampowers"
The notification panel access by swiping the fingerprint reader is available on S8 as well,just need to be activated in settings.
These wallpapers are nice
Actually according to the battery drain tests, the S10 battery dies faster than the s10e. But the S10+ beats them both.
Still prefer the regular S10
Still overpriced af. $550 max
First second of the video with headphones:
BUM BUM DAA BUMMM
I will actually have to disagree with u on changing the screen resolution. I kid u not I got mine 3-11-19 a pre order out the box. Screen resolution was an option I was able to change it to a higher res but left it alone because I didn't want the battery to drain. Did a software update and bam it's no longer an option. True story. Shit pissed me off.
The e is for essential
From my experience Samsung phones tend to be more RAM hungry so if you think the Pixel is pushing it with 4 GB of RAM then the Samsung Galaxy S10 E would be pushing it with 6 GB of RAM for long term use.
Granted I am a generation behind on the Samsung Experience so Samsung might have improved things.
S10e and OnePlus 6t are both for $600 in Iraq. Which one is a better deal?
E is for Essentials
Red table top shot is so dope!!! What background material do you use?
750$ =" Pseudo Midrange "
I would call the price range « access premium »
Midship?
Is there really any need for a £750 phone?
I think it's an ego bracket. Can't afford their flag ships, won't be seen with an Asian phone.
What are the speakers like compared to the other versions
3:35 - well, natural resting position for a right-hander. But can a lefty use it with ease?
e - Economy
R - Regular
Only Marques can perfectly make use of the wallpapers.. 
Perfection at its best!!
from where do u download wallpapers for phone?
That smartass wallpaper
Samsung was all about symmetry in phone designs. They ruined it with new line up. It has chin an no bezel at top. It's ugly.
IPhone XR is TRASH!
Rip for left-handed users
Might get this one next. My Note 9 is burning a large hole in my wallet each month
Lmao who noticed the camera as the eye
Why not?(ch)
3:30 I've had that feature on my s9
Im a leftie, rip fingerprint
Please dont slam your  palm on my face ..just dont.
That wallpaper is crazy 😂😂
Premium entry level
Omg I love these robot camera shots!
Were you wearing the Couture 1s? Didn't figure you to be a Jordan guy lol
Amazing review.. The most reliable man on YouTube 👌👍
Who said that it's *cheap*




.
.
*and what about poco phone f1*
Semi Flagship
very informative! (: thanks
Midrange plus?
Great vid! I can't buy any of the phones you review but the videos are always fun to watch.
Galaxy SE
I really like the s10e 👌👏👍
The thing is: there is still the Pixel 3 at a similar price. Tough call.
The correct position for the fingerprint sensor is back middle. It's in your pocket the glass is facing you you grab it and it's unlocked before it gets out of your pocket without ever looking at the phone.  Or sometimes on the way up to your face but you still haven't actually looked at the phone yet before it's unlocked.
to be honest it is a FAR better deal than the 10XR
5.8❤️
People are talking about s10+ and s10e, but i prefer regular s10, its not too big, it's not too small, just right.
Damn, Samsung's products are so expensive.
Damn, Apple's products are so expensive.
Damn, Android retards don't have any arguments any more.
Sigh, i want this so bad. I have j7 pro rn smh andd the display isnt working so i mirror my phone to my pc.
*budget high-end
Why only 1080p? My GS7 from 2017 is 1440p on a smaller screen. 1080p at 5.8" seems a bit too low.
6:57
"bigger hole burning in your pocket" vs on screen "bigger battery"
hummm... associating... associating... ah! exploding phone!
I prefered it to be called Flagship Lite.
Got the Canary Yellow coming in Thursday. Mad hyped!
Love the phone wallpaper, very clever way to disguise the odd front camera
I like this recording frame
you could also buy the galaxy a50
The wallpaper is so cool
@4:35 
"The S10e has the same sized side bezels"

*Shows it next to an iPhoneX with clearly much larger side bezels*
Mia got some crispy shots there early in the vid! Well done 👌
The E is essential. Atleast that's what we sell it as. Work for Three UK.
I was gonna say “Premium Budget” phone
Why am I watching this when i can't even afford a Nokia 3310
I know what it is: Samsung S10even better than the iPhones.






It's a joke chill...
I see a war.
Hey buy me this phone. My phone is ASUS ZenFone c
OnePlus👀
Mark ass
Those camera angles 👌
Super 👌
1:16 The flagships are like 900,000 dollars...
Pixel 2/3 and Galaxy S9(+) can drop down the notification center too using their back fingerprint sensor.
Is he a Tesla promoter?
I'm left-hander :(
Call it a Flagbus !! Less than Flagship but more than flag cars :P
The E stands for Essentials
Aesthetics on point..⚡⚡🔥
I don't why?but s10e's back reminds me of Samsung Galaxy s3😅..am I the only one?🤚
1:14 ...Yes most flagship phones cost $900,000 USD 🤨
Is this a worthy upgrade from my s8?
Definitely going back to Samsung,  love customizing with the ROMs, bootloader, additional storage, an all around abilities, Apple is good, dont get me wrong but I like to have options on my phone to do whatever I want. All in all, i'm all for both phones Apple an Samsung, not tied down to either, I just like new products from the companies, an to see innovations :)
The rear fingerprint reader wasn't broken nothing wrong with it moving it to the side is change for the sake of change / Les orgonomic  LG power button and fingerprint reader on the rear where the index finger rests is the way phones should stay
My carrier has a promo for them for 599. Kind of tempted if i sell my s8.
0:58
Top *Notch* Transition
Rip iPhone XR
Man, you almost make me regret getting the S10 plus
i waaaant that
Give it some months and you get it at 500$, for sure. Where it should be from day 1.
"Flagships are like $900,000" yup, definitely feels like it!
"It's weird to call 5.8" small but it's true"
right in the feels..
i always use a cover on my phone because i'm scared that the camera glass on the back will be scratched.  what is your experience with it?
S10e = economical
You're doing it wrong with the S10 fingerprint reader >.<
s10 EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
you dumb , why you are comparing this with s10 plus
Im not paying that much if im not getting those curves at the edges.
Too expansive. Wait for a price drop or if you want to spend that much just get the s10
Mini onewheel !?!? Do you have a onewheel?
I’m a lefty soooo.....
We see you using that fancy camera arm
1:15 $900, 000?? I think he means $900 lol
Oneplus 6t or this one? Switching from s7 edge.
Love the camera shot 0:58 - 1:02
Samsung Galaxy Special 10 Edition
I have a good label for these $750 phones, BUDGET PREMIUM. Kbye
I want an s10e+😂
I still don't understand why the chin is always thicker. It is like that on my OnePlus 6t too, it is quite ugly and annoying sometimes
Galaxy S10e    []> Economy Class        Samsung money maker 🤣
The way the camera moved on it at like 0:57 is 🔥🔥
Call it upper mid-range
If the S10e is a midrange phone, than the world has a big inflation problem.
Watching it with my S10 :)
have a great suggestion for that 750$ price range: "expensive as F*!#"
how does a case fit on this cause of the power button. Won't a case block it and even if they just leave a space, its gonna get harder to access the powerbutton
I think it should go:

Budget, Mid-Range, Premium, Flagship
Is it better than the OnePlus 6T?
"e" stands for an eye 👁... 
😏 🤷🏾‍♂
Okay.. how do you read notifications without unlocking?
this colour is amazing....wow! next xiaomi mi 9 pls!
I vote for super-midrange
That Flamingo Pink is pure fire, they better make that an option for the Note 10 in the US. I love the power button fingerprint sensor; I've been wishing Samsung would do that for years now.

I'm a Note guy though so I'll appreciate the S10e from afar.
"Semi-premium"
Now we need and s10e plus. Flat displays are always better
"The camera, the fingerpring reader, the new display, the price" OMG THE ROBOT CAMERA MOVEMENT! I LOVE IT! :)
Honor view 20 is much better
Let me trigger people







I just don’t like Android
I like the S10e plus that wallpaper!
That's a boatload of sushi for one person.
that wallpaper is the only reason I'm clicking this video when writing my overdue paper XD
Thinking of Selling my OnePlus 6T and goes for it , but i am a heavy user and i need battery so thats kind of a concern for me
We could call it sub-flagship.
your video made me drolling... time to change phone this year!
The E stands for Entry Level.
The S10e will come into it's own when the casual consumer walks into the store looking for a good phone at a bargain price. Right now it's the tech geeks going bananas. Or the ones who have held out for 3 or 4 years. Give it some time and it'll be the phone for alot of people I know.
Do a honor view 20 vs s10e comparison
Who else love the wallpaper of BAYMAX (the robot)
Great review as always.
need some Eminem intros
Man that wallpaper🤣🤣👌
It's goodrange.
E best stands for Essential.
galaxy s10 hardware, iOS software, omeplus's fast charge and apple's camera and i have my dream phone. i can't stand galaxy's cameras and android software is a nigntmare.
This vs. the Oneplus 7 when it lands (prob under $600).  Discuss.
God level editing🔥🔥🔥
Budget+
I can not afford these kind of phones.
All the best for those who can am still hustling.
The best wallpaper I have ever seen😊😊
Gonna wait another year to see where technology goes in a year
I just like big screens....my phones keep getting bigger lol But I agree with most of what you say. It's a cool phone and I love the wallpapers they're coming up with. it's kinda opened the door to creators to invent ways of integrating that camera. And yeah 5.8 is small lol...I remember wen I had a 4 inch screen. Great review Marques. I;m getting the S10+ today or tomorrow.
You didn't say much about how much battery life you are getting from this phone...
Anyone else using the exynos version of the s10e? I'm having really bad batterylife, max. 4h of screen on time everyday...
i subscribed again...
Damn I can't afford those 900 000$ flagships
Love that color
Still waiting for that Jitterbug review
OnePlus phones are flagships for 600$
Hiding the punch hole camera by hiding it on baymax eyes is just brilliant 😹
I love that color!
Infinite times better than Techincal phuduji
The wall papers R so cool
I don't need notification bar or that side sensor.... Cuz no one texts me...
Poor Me:(
Admittedly, s10E is a better value than its bigger bro's but for the same kinda screen n specs, one should rather go for upcoming one+7 or Pocof2 or Asus phone coming up in may. considering these options, s10e feels expensive still.
Compare s10e and upcoming one plus 7 or with 6T
Nokia 9 pureview please!!
Noice
Oh man that wallpaper really got me
Why you don't use xiaomi mi 9 have 2 week .Its with snp 855
S10e is $1020 in Canada, and the S10+ is $2200. They've lost their minds.
Still buying the s9. Can't get past that holepunch...
Fasakk
Need information about wireless charging , reverse charging @mkbhd
The fingerprint reader is Sony's tech,why not review Sony's new phone ?
The quality of his videos get better, EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.
That is the one Im gonna get in November when my upgrade is available, I love my pixel but for no reason my camera stopped working so now I'd like to get s new phone and the s10e sounds pretty great
I'll still wait for the price drop.😉
I'd call it an "entry premium phone". Awesome video btw
I just wanted a compact mobile for so long 

And finally here it is but i won't buy it

Budget issues**

I hope i get it from anywhere

Im in love with thiss 😍😍😍😍😍
1:14 The flagship phones are indeed $900,000
I thought the "e" stood for Everyone. As in a S10 everyone can get. But then again 750$ isn't everyone's budget 🤣
Samsung seriously nailed it this year
Please Marquez, if even you guys won't do a separate video on the s10, give us your battery test review on the s10, since all 3 Galaxy s10 variants have different battery capacities.
We can call it Expensive Midrange
This category is called "entry level premium".
You're right, the $750 price tag should be in its own category. I propose that it be called the "Midship" category
Midrange + Flagship = Midship
Is it actually a better phone? YES...no one needs the features it doesn't have.
*CANNOT BE UNSEEN*
The e stands for electric, because it isn't powered by Gas.
u keep slicing his eye off 😭
S10+ = Wall-E
S10 & S10e = Baymax
0:43 Why Notch? Where is it? I like the wallpaper.

0:57 The BIG 3. MKBHD at its BEST. What a SHOT!
I wished I had bought s10e instead of s10 plus , because of that curved screen on the edge there are so many accidental touches , while watching videos suddenly stops as my finger touches edge while holding , also typing so many errors because of that curved display
Still rocking my S7edge. Battery is a bit messed up but :D will last for next 8 months. By then prices of S10 will have dropped much so good deal to get the premium flagship that will last for next 3 years :D Why waste that much money on phones when older phones do just little bit less.
Hey man! Did your phone just say Kearny?  Us, the NJIT community would love to meet you on campus one day! Please make it happen! :D
Bought S10 for the bigger screen, looks better,  free galaxy buds and $180 discount. That's a deal.
Because it doesn't have iMessage.
0:17 , E = Economy
Love your channel. Could you lend Casey Neistat one of your new Samsung phones so he can't also do a review?
smartphones with less than 4k battery are useless to me
If Samsung has to cover the front facing punch hole camera with pictures to camouflage it. It was never a good idea from the start... dumbsass Samsung!
Guys need to creativity from you, What an amazing wallpaper you choose to hide the punch hole :)
I would call this 'companies scamming us with higher prices' range
Just clicked on it cuz I was curious about the wallpaper 😂
How do you get this type of wallpaper
Hey Marques, i feel its worth noting that plenty of older samsung phones have the finger print sensor gesture option.
3100mAh... come on samsung batteries are cheap, there's no reason to skimp out there...
4:30 The Galaxy S10e have smaller side bezels than the iPhone XS.
Look forward to the price drop in 6 months.
I was assuming S10e is full hd n not QHD. So they don't have that option.
Midrange +
“Budget Ship” or maybe “destroyer”
s10e or note 9?
You had sushi and didn't invite me....... wow
The reason the option for changing the resolution is there on the s7, s8, s9 and s10 because they want you to go to 1080p in order to save battery. And 720p isn't recommended even though it's qn option. And since the s10e has a 1080p display there's no point in putting in the option since 720p looks bad if it isn't the display's native resolution. But it doesn't mean that it's because of the type of display they use
Wait, hold up. Did you get a KIRA for that shot?!
Baymax...damn that's clever
Phones like this etch can fit into my Hands are perfect!
I actually don't like super tall phones.
Are you really going to sacrifice the beauty of the s10+ just for 200$? I mean I know it is alot but if you are buying a phone for at least 3 years that is nothing for the features you are getting. you are literally using it everyday a big screen makes a really big diffirence.
This is very affordable phone. Sometimes in life you need to check my channel
Tech YouTuber: still don't know what the "e" stands for
Simplest Google search: "essential"
Tech YouTuber: *mindblown by technology*
e for "Essentials"
The wallpaper you use in s10 series are just awesome
Sony already came up with that name bro
budget flagship
Looks like you're advertising for a cellphone that's not gonna sell alot cause of the weird pricing with undercut features 🤔
Can we appreciate how Marques DOES NOT chop together sentences when talking to the camera? Almost all other tech YouTubers are TERRIBLE at that. So smooth and great flow, love it!
S10 Economy
Having a S9 plus I bough the S10e and I went back to the S9+, the S10e seems and feels cheap side by side with the S9 plus.
Bay max! Wa lala lala
1:23 is that a PUBG pan on top left ?😂
MKBHD ❤️
IKMKB  👎
Flat sceern! Yeah. I ll have it.
What does iPhone XR 'R' stands for?
Ridiculous?
P.S- Xpensive n Ridiculous 😁
Bruh the category is "budget flagship"
I'll tell you why not.  Because of the hole in the screen!
Much better than iPhone XR.
The FPS location might be a deal breaker for small- and left-hand users.
The note 9 has the same feature of bring down the notification tray from fingerprint reader.
If I had 800 USD to spare for a phone, S10e would be the one I'd get.
The thing is, it's still too damn overpriced. There are decent phones near 300 USD. Who wouldn't like the market prices shifting down instead of up? (>.<)
"Flagships are $900,000." -Marques Brownlee, 2019 :0
Really like what you're doing with the wallpapers.
It's Dope. Makes the phone look nearly bezel-less
The notification tab pull down... That's the same thing that Google has done with the pixel 2 and 3....
Low-high end
Is it just me or the eyes of wallpaper are not symmetrical 
It is bothering !! 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️
Battery is major NO
Does it have the pressure sensitive home button like the S9/S8 ?
dope intro
I think the fingerprint reader is placed up high because they dont want it to be a weak point
Why do electronic gadgets cost so less in US compared to other countries (India) when they are manufactured in Korea, China,etc ?
*flagships are 900,000 dollars*
*flagships are 900,000 dollars*
This looks like a really good option!
Your hands are big.
Why didn't you talk about battery life, that's like the one downside to this phone against the s10
1:20 how about midship??
4:48 didn't it have a 1080p display?....
Damn! Those transitions at 0:58 are smooth! No pun intended 😉
I see you with those camera shots to show off the phone👌🏽
9 hundred thousand dollars
man your intros are awesome 🔥🔥🔥
See...there is a difference between creativity and hiding.  Apple hiding the notch with a wallpaper and Samsung being creative with the camera with wallpaper!  Thank you Samsung for being outside the box!
Let's call the 750 price point premium and the more expensive ones flagship
Thing is if you are upgrading from older flagships  its not worth upgrading  to s10e , but if you are coming  from different  brand s10e is the one you should  get , for me i had  s8  ,was thinking  to buy s10e  but went for regular  s10 just coz it more of felt like degrade  then upgrade  .
WE DON'T KNOW WHAT THE ' E ' STANDS FOR....


LIKE WE DON'T KNOW WHAT THE ' K ' STANDS FOR 🤪🤪
1:15 900,000$??
Budget = 1 month of cheap food
Midrange = 1 months rent with a roommate 
Upper midrange = 1 month in an apartment
Flagship = 1 months rent near San Francisco Francisco a tiny room
My laptop has 4 gb of ram ...
Samsung is just doing a good job with the  wallpaper on these phones
Punch hole camera>notch
What's up with the cringy intro font?
When are they releasing the One UI for the S8?
its me or really samsung its over ultra saturating the market ??
I'd call it a lite flagship !
Can I get an S10e Lefty Edition?
are you satisfied with your care?
E for economy or economical
Junior flagship
Nokia 9
Nokia 9
Nokia 9
Nokia 9
You got that robot arm for that product shot, didn't you? :P Super dope
S 10 plus mountain wallpaper pleaseeee
Watching this video on my S10e battery life has been great so far!
We should call the 750 dollar range of prices "expensive AF"
Balalalala.
$900,000 lol
What it seas about your life if you buy this phone or small iphone, I have made it but not as much as i expecte. Porshe boxter, same thing, i have a porsh but not 911 heheh
ARE WE NOT GOING TO TALK ABOUT THE ROBOT CAMERA MOVEMENT.
The Baymax wallpaper Is such a good idea lol
I only get iPhone for iMovie
The freaking wallpapers
Aspirational Premium
Mi is the best
0:58 only mkbhd things
The better question is should I upgrade from the s9 to the s10e?
Watching on my S10. The e was never an option for me. The + cutout is too noticeable and the e lacks the features you've mentioned and has a worse display. Also, side by side the S10 looks a lot more premium.
THAT CAMERA SHOT! 🔥🤤
FORTNITE AND MARQUES BROWNLEE
as a blind apple fan I liked that phone
Wide > telephoto
Do you still have the phone?
1:03 Damm that expensive RoboCam
0:58 Did you just use a robotic arm!?! What was that awesomeness?!
Why are OEMs not going for sode fingerprint sensor? I really like it. But for some reason (mostly gimmicky), OEMs go for super slow in display fingerprint sensor! 😏
750 was old flagship price
You make me really want a S10e!! Omg look at that cute wallpaper
Um 1:15
XR sucks
This phone is only a good option if you hurting for money, but then again you can get the Note 9 for similar amount at this point, and Note 9 is a far superior to phone in every way other than a processor
e for essential🤘
The lighting in this video is on point
Got mines a week ago and I'm loving it it's super fast even with metro pics network on not a camera guy or selfie so cameras don't matter to me but dam the speed on this phone is crazy and the screen looks amazing and superfast with games love it..good review
Because Samsung is evil and protectionist.
Its a Mid-Prem😃
0:59 
Looks soo dope. Love the moves..
I preferred the wall-e wallpaper though.
E - Economy?
S10e is great deal but i love bigger phones and s10+ is the choice for me.
Software buttons look that of MI
my future phone
You haven’t talked about the battery life
I’m calling them budget flagships
Phone reviews are getting boring across the board.. not just this specific channel. I hardly ever watch them half way through.
Colored titles but why..?  🙄

But those vid is LIT 🔥
Hey wassup guys MKBHD here
best small phone of the year
I love my S10e had for 4 days now. I love it
Who else is watching this on S10e?
My better deal is 350$ for that phone....
I use the fingerprint reader notification thing on my Google Pixel 2 XL
Who will either buy one plus 7
I think the 'e' stands for Essential
I have not bought a phone since 2015 but I still watch every video this guy puts up. I don't even know why I'm watching these reviews.
flagships are 900 thousand dollars
wtf the intro title
I feel as though someone needs to compare the software between modern day samsung phones with iphones. 


Thats the main reason why people stay using apple, the software. How good or bad is samsung's software compared to it?
Semi flagship phone
So the fingerprint sensor placement is the S8-gate all over again. Wait for S11e.
6:41 Why would I do such thing, Apple ecosystem is like wall Maria, step out of it and you have titans trying to kill you- here your privacy.
Okay. That Baymax wallpaper is genius.
$900,000?
1:15 Flagships are $900,000. Dude, who's ur phones guys. Ur being ripped off 😂
give that DANGG thing to ME!!!
your intros are so lit dude 🔥🔥
Captain Marvel intro?
too bad for left handed people. fingerprint reader on the right side
does aren't hands
there to biggg
I don't even want a SAMSUNG. I just watch to support what you do!
Maan the wallpaper is a great thumbnail
sub premium?
That wallpaper is sooooo fire
It will be better to consider Oneplus 6T instead of S10e!!
I am pulling down on my note 8's fingerprint reader for a year to pull down the notification shade
They should have ditched the wireless charging and reverse charge to make it a mid range phone. They could have sold it like hot cake in asia.
I wish they had a red edition
THANK YOU MKBHD FOR THE WALLPAPER !!! 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Upper midrange is already a term
Use your pointing finger to get that finger print....its better than the thumb
Your production quality is amazing , those slide shots from that robot camera thing look dope af
5G rollout is on the way dose it really make sense to get a 4g phone?
Anyone have a S10 or S10e? Cannot make my mind up on which one to get . Price isn't too much of an issue, more concerned about user experience
S 10 economic
These phone prices are too damn high!
Keep it up
How about the 128gb starting storage instead of 64gb on the iPhone xr
Please check out the asus zenfone max pro m2 with a 5000 mAh battery
"Why notch?"
Is this stolen?
Baymax !!
I need one with iOS
Do you think the fault in samsung s10plus showed in unbox therapy going to be solved by samsung?
For Wallpaper:  Like
Anyone see that iron pan?
Mark Ass Brownies
So torn between S10 and S10e. I'm using S6 right now and I know S10 offers more but I wonder if I can get used to that curved display.
that's a really smart wallpaper in the thumbnail
Hot take: S10e would still be a better buy than the S10 at the same price. S9 also had a better display. The hole punch is the same cancer as the notch.
E
750 is still pricey...Nokia 9 goes for 699-00  but its still yet to be reviewed....please review the Nokia 9
Who want a small phone these days
Kind of bummed about the fingerprint sensor location because i'm left-handed. Holding my S8, I would have to hold my phone in a somewhat uncomfortable position in order to actually use it. Definitely going to use that ultrasonic on the S10.
I thought I read a Samsung interview where they said the “e” stands for “Essentials”.
What about burn in?
Malayalees ivide come on
Above midrange = foot was on the line
My dad got S10+ and is now flexing on me
In India the iPhone XR is sold for 1100$ and the S10E is sold for 749$
So there is no point spending so much extra money for iPhone which offers nothing special
S10e is NOT a midrange phone! It it flagship phone without some features...in my opinion that features are unnecessary...
i need a phone size like samsung 10e, with high spec, but stock android. My life will be better.
Base Flagship
$750 is still flagship. Don't let that "iPhone X is a new tier" BS win.
That Big Hero 6 wallpaper with Baymax's eye as the camera hole is ingenious lol
That wallpaper is genius.
That thumbnail though 😍
It's a budget flagship!
Ouuu i see tha yemen flag pillow
I'm just glad it has the headphone jack
wanna see  21: 9  ~  <3
this phone can be more lit 🔥 in $699...then I wouldn't have said that it is behind in performance and battery from iPhone Xr
That notification thing with the finger print reader has been on the note 9. I've got to say it's one of the best features because it's on the back where my hand is resting, it's great. One ui makes it better as well.
Do you guys prefer phones with huge display (6" or more) or phones with smaller display (less than 6")? And why?
The notification gesture was on the s 8 and the s 9, it's not new
Im still happy as hell with my Oneplus 5T
Make a video of 10e,10+and 10
What about the Vivo “no button” phone
Should be 350 euros... not 750, the pricing is soo wrong like most phones nowadays
Why don't you just review "budget" phones?!
I really agree coz S10e offers extra then the Xr .. gimmmmeee that phone 😮😉
He wears Video Assistant Referee
that power button placement being too high is a worry for me :(
E = essential/s
1:14 900,000 $ !?
im really regretting swapping from samsung to the xs about now....could be getting a better phone for way less
I wish the fingerprint scanner was more towards the middle of the phone, kinda like how Razer did it on theirs.  I'm a lefty so it's a bit of a stretch to get my finger up to the top corner.
I love how people are getting creative when creating awesome wallpapers that have to do with the hole-punch camera
Would S10 E be better then note 9
Bruh I use my phone with my left 😭 and I'm a righty doe but still
Think I'm out. Phone pricing is getting out of hand. A lot of great phones in the $400-500 bracket.
“E” stands for Essential... 😎
Samsung went all in with all three of the models! Damnnn.
I only bought the S10 because in my region it comes with a galaxy watch worth 350$ and a wireless charger duo worth 100$ as a bundle.


Edit: its 350$ not 250$
Better than Iphone XR 🐸
Oooo you used the robot
Love you from Pakistan
Bro dont mind but u r getting late for these tech videos others like unbox therapy are much faster
That Font Intro was Meat 🙅🏾‍♂️
0:17 The e stands for Essential
I think the “e” is for “essential”
That wallpaper nailed it
The Android market has such brilliant devices for $550 below market. OnePlus is due for an update, but when that device is released, i dont see any $200 value increment in S10e.
Apple is leveraring on their ecosystem and they can price a device into price bracket and call it what ever they want.
In case of Android, that is definetly not the case. In India, its a different ball game all together. There are numerous good android devices well under $400. 
Tbh, i feel OnePlus 6T is still a good device at this point. Hope 7 is a very well implemented device. For $750, maybe S9 or even few of late 2018 phones are still a good deal.
where did you get that wallpaper in your s10e(big hero 6)
That shot as you were introducing the features was so 👌👌on point
But I got my s10+ for 800 and a free pair if Buds.  Why would I want the 10e?
Just me or did anyone notice mk trying to imitate the robot in the thumbnail?😂
The power button is too high and not in a natural resting position
new mid range
1:45 please tell me the name of wallpaper in your MacBook
Digitally zoomed photos can be good with software tricks, à la Pixel 3. But what about video? A lot a reviewers are missing this point.
E = ESSENTIAL
You didn't talk about performance at all! WTF! 😑
I think the "E" stands for economy
😗😙
I'm super into that Baymax wallpaper
You mean "why notch"? 😅
That solid thumbnail though
$750 is high end, $900+ is unnecessary absurdity
honestly this flat screen looks better than the infinity display, its like Samsung's infinity display is just hiding the side bezels with a curve and distortion...
I would totally go back to Android, but Google needs to fix their Play store.  I just spent useless time uninstalling bloatware and some shady apps from my mom’s phone.  Darn, though.  The E still sounds like a deal.
Honestly ..this video was so good just for the way it was made..i mean.. come on
Very cute... 😍
This phone not even worth 500
Feeling bad for people who bought the S10 plus 😂😂😂
So basically the iPhone xr x’s and x’s max but the s10 e faster?
Call it "old flagship"
I'd argue that the best of the S10 family is the regular non-Plus non-e S10. I feel like the 6.1" phones such as the S10 and iPhone XR are the sweet spot.
My s9+ never seems to use telephoto. It uses it but never when I actually would like it to be used
If you want bigger and better than s10e, you get the plus. S10 is okay, but the plus just has it all as it should
1:05 It's not budget, it's not mid-range. So we'll call it Midget.
I think the wallpapers trying to hide the camera dot are hilarious 😂 trash phone
S10e is better. It’s good.
Even if I don’t buy the product I watch all his videos because of his filmography and editing. It’s very pleasing
costs 1,300 dollars nzd :(
Samsung can manage to cram an AMOLED display in a $750 phone but apple can't? Doesn't apple get their displays from Samsung?
6:31 😂😂
They just want another IPhone 😝
Tbh I love the entire S10 lineup but it's phones like this that pique my interest. It's practical yet amazing and I would really love to have an S10E
Galaxy S10E.... TenEEEE.... Tinyyy?
Galaxy S Tiny. 
That's what it is!
E stands for essential
wow , this phone looks amazing
As a guy who went from the HTC dream so the S2, and every Galaxy after that, I am not mad I got the OnePlus 6T instead this year.
0:58, idk why but thats satisfying to watch
iPhone XR is $285 more expensive than S10e in India. Which one would you pick coming from iPhone 6?
I’m convinced that Samsung is better than Apple, BUT I’m using still apple
MKBHD merch update 
MKBHD bands, couch cushions and more.!!
Economy flagship?
I think s10e is the direct iphone xs competitor.
That phone is extremely bezelless, but when compared to the S10, the bezels suddenly look chunky lol.
I won’t buy it just because I am left handed.
Really love that salmon pink, so hot
i want a review of samsung a50..i think thats the new budget  smartphhone with indisplay fingerprint and super amoled display...:)
now that's a nice wallpaper you got there
Yo! The Note 8 had the fingerprint reader nav bar pull down too! Amazingly useful on such a big phone.


Edit: To those who want this phone or the s10/s10 plus, WAIT a few months. Samsung's are expensive at launch then drop price by like 40% two months later. My Note 8 was almost 1k at launch. The snagged the phone for $600.
The wallpaper 🙏🙏
Swiping down on the fingerprint sensor has been underated for years. It's nice that it's getting some love even though this is the last time we'll see it.
Whoever designed that wallpaper is a genius in line with Einstein.
I like that you're reviewing a non flagship. These midrange phones have gone under people's radars despite their quality
were those robotic arm movements I just saw?
I love tha classic fingerprint scanner,it reminds me alot to sony phone,its a lot better than most in display finger print scanner that include the premium  flagship brother of this s10e
The Price is ridiculous: 790 USD in India.
3:52 that table is RED
S10economical edition
'e' stands for Economy
Watching from S10+. Before I recieved my phone in the mail I went to the store to see the display models and I was super disappointed because I found the S10e to look WAY prettier in person than the S10+. Now that I have my S10+ and can see it in different/natural lighting, safe to say this phone is also very gorgeous indeed. Super happy! Only thing: fingerprint reader is horrifically slow compared to old tech on my S8.
The phone looks tiny in your hand😂
The "e" stands for "Essential". I work for Samsung and was told by corporate when seeing the devices early before launch date. It's supposed to be the essentials needed for the best Samsung Galaxy experience at an affordable price. 😊
1:15 NINE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS🤣🤣
"Midrange+"
Oh man where do you get wallpapers like this!
This is not only better than the XR but also the XS.
S10Plus Better in every area , awesome display
Note 10 is my next weapon!
What about instead of mid-range or flagship, we call them "high-range phones"
that phone looks puny in your hands!!!
Is it a better deal than the one plus 6t tho
That camera transition at 0:58 is lit... 
Can anyone send me the link below for the tutorial... 🔥💥🔥
Also like if you want MKBHD to send all this amazing wallpaper... 😘😍
S10e  "Everyone"  maybe? 🤔
I'd call this subcategory 'high end entry'.
Software updates and Samsung do not go hand in hand :)
Great review as always
FFS where is the S10 REVIEW
Intro track PLEASE!
That fingerprint sensor is quick!! 💥
The only reason why I won’t get this phone is because I’m a lefty 😢
I honestly prefer the look of the black camera housing.  Thecolored one makes it look like plastic for me.
900000 dollars? Is it just me or? 😂😂💵
Your videos are just the best broo
rich people's poor range ?
My wish is still to hold a phone like that in my hand 😋
Where can i get Baymax wallpaper?
ok flat screen looks wayyyyyy beautiful than curved display...
That Baymax wallpaper actually makes the phone look bezel less
why does my 360p video look like 720? 0.o
That wallpaper looks dope..
Do you mind to share it, please..?
Who is watching on a galaxy s10?
0:57 dooope!!!
0:55 those are 4 htings
you can not change the resolution of the screen because is full hd +. It is not quad hd + like the galaxy s10.
Thank you !!!!
The s10 price compare to this doesnt make any snese! Samsung should call this s10k meaning s10 killer.
I love how samsung is not following the trend when it comes to their flagship devices
As usual Great video! But this 0:57 part was epic! what did you use?
$750 is not premium pricing these days. :/
E for emotion
If it was as big as S10+, i would have went for S10e.
Got low key excited for a sec at :47 thought it was a teaser for his middle name...then realized it was Kearny NJ
Damn love that sequence shot!
No option to change resolution bcoz s10e has full hd resolution not quad hd
0:14 Yeah, Every one who came here by seeing the fucking title knows that it's fucking S10E
Its a nice phone for sure. But wheres the in display fingerprint scanner? They should've put at least an optical in display scanner in. The iphone xr has face id and the same type of display so u get the same experience as the iphone xs. The s10 e only has 50% of the experience.
Does it has a portrait mode?
with that amount of money LG v40 or G8 better deal
What about calling them intermediate phones?
I don't know, the sound in the video had a lot of "SSSSSSSSHHH".
I love the Baymax background.
That wallpaper lol
That wallpaper tho!!
Love that robot camera arm.
Funny how when Sony decided to stop making compact versions of its flagships saying people want bigger displays, Samsung comes up with a compact version of their flagship
E-conomy
Good thing about it,  You can watch Fortnite,  and Marques Brownlee. 😂sorry.
YO THAT CAMERA IS FIRE
Damn Samsung chill on the pricing it's going to be your down fall.
It's very pretty and doesn't have curved display! But my favourite smartphone is still the Oneplus 6t, I find that elegant little notch the best solution.
What a beauty the wallpaper!!!👍
0:58 - 1:02 quality camera work! Love that robot
imo is the phone of the year. small, clean with great hardware, camera and display.. is like a pixel 3 but better
Peace✌️🙂
I see this as a great deal but Mi 9 is out there waving at me and I saw it another better deal than s10e .. Why ? 
In my region , Samsung only import Exynos phone and Exynos is by far the most hated CPU I have ever used .
0:58 how did u shoot that smooth movements, its awesome 🔥
Am I the only one blown away by how cool the wallpaper positioning is ? 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Looks like someone got their hands on a robot.
You could have waited and released it next year instead 🙂🙂
the aesthetic on this video. hot damn!
this phone might stay on sale for 2-3 years...would love to see if lower end phones will match it's specs by then
how we come to the situation where a 750$ phone is a mid-range premium
The power button position is for the strength of the frame, it moves the weakspot away from the center
Mark Ass brownie
Hi BRO 
In Samsung S10e which is the best 
Snapdragon 855 or Exynos 9820???
Bro????🤔🤔🤔🤩🤩
Supportship phone... lol
These $750 phones like the XR and S10e should be called high end phones. Not flagships like the Xs or S10, not midrange either.
The e stands for entry-level. DJ told me.
$900,000. Must take u to mars with the bixby 2900
S6 edge
People who say phone prices are going up don't realize inflation is happening right before our eyes. I mean, look at the McDonald's $1 Menu. It's shrinking down to almost nothing.
I want to see if the battery life is better than the s9+ then I may switch.
Boyyyy.....
Where'd you get that wallpaper...
Baby flagships?
I was waiting your review... How is the battery life in this phone? You missed that part...
this has cemented this idea that as a secondary phone honestly the s10e is a great option as its almost budget for real and you get the benefit of all the updated specs
it's more like why dot?🤣
2:00 What sushi did you have??
does it look good on the paper? 
>No 
WTF you talking about
Just 1.9 Mn subscribers away from the revelation of that mysterious 'K' in 'MKBHD' (If Marques keeps his word)

Apart from that, S10essential (that's what i am gonna call it) is more of a practical deal.. 👌👌
Okay
1. That wallpaper to hide the camera hole is insanely adorable
2. Am i the only one that's so atrracted to the idea of a flat screened Samsung phone?
The S10e the best because of no edge and small size and really good phone.
I love my 10e!  Perfect size for me coming a note 9 which I love also but this is a relief.
Mid-range flagship or budget flagship I think
Wallpaper tho
I mean no question is it better, than the XR, it's better than the entire iphone lineup.
S10 e is awesome
Hi Marques thanks for that great review on S10e and explaining the difference between the other two S10 phones . Great job 😎👍.
what an awesome camera works! check video 0:58 ~ 1:01
That wallpaper tho
*e* CONOMIC
midship
As long as no notch im in 😂
Would u ever do a comparison ? Apple vs Samsung .
It is like a Newborn collaboration from Apple and Samsung
It does have wireless power share right ?
man It's such a bummer it doesn't have the in-display fingerprint sensor, otherwise I would buy the s10e in a heartbeat. I've been hyped about that in-display sensor for years now...I'm still torn it could be a deal breaker.
Do they still have the pressure sensitive home button like the s8 and s9?
It doesn't let you choose cuz the maximum resolution is 1080p so what will you choose between? 720p?
e stand for essential...
Battery life. Simple
I would love it however the finger print scanner is a deal breaker to me. I never hold my phone in a way to where my thumb is on the power button. If this phone had the in display finger print scanner than I would def love
Can we plz get a *Surface Laptop 2* review?
If someone has this phone or will buy it, i think the baymax wallpaper is really good because it hides the hole punch camera well or even better than other wallpaper out there. 
Just my opinion😅
That thumbnail wallpaper is literally legend!
Mid range, Premium, Flagship.
"Rock your Phone Naked" 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Upper-middle range
Just like tesla: partial premium
1:13 Flagships are $900,000
Samsung Galaxy S10 Economy i think so???
the big hero eye is actually front camera
budget, midrange, premium, flagship
Yup the slide down to get the notif bar was the most used feature by me when i had a s8 . It was seriously so handy.
I think that I might actually go for the s10 e. I was gonna get the s10 but the finger print reader on the s10 e looks really really fast
Do people not know OnePlus has had the swipe down on fingerprint reader for notifications for like a year now?
I’d rather have a compasitive fingerprint than ultrasonic. Then again, I gave an iPhone XS and I do like Face ID too. But yeah. If I were android, I’d get the s10e
That Wallpaper doh....
I got the s10+. It's a great phone but I actually do not like the in-screen fingerprint reader. It rarely works the first time. Even after resetting fingerprints and adding my finger print 4 times. I wish it had one on the back like the pixel. Other than that, great phone!
Peace 😍
Lightweight flagship? Would that term work, too long?
the finger printscanner downswip.......huawei did already two models back
Этот ценовой сегмент называется "субфлагманы".
The E stands for Essential
Damn Im sooo undecided. Galaxy S10 or S10e🤔
@3:11 Either an editing quip or a phantom touch O.o
Where is the matte black Dbrand skin?
The wallpaper is so cool and it blends in.
You gotta love it
$900,000 🤭😟🧐
e stands for economical ( affordable for the masses ). kinda like business class and economical class for flight
Dope intro song
Yoooo the part at 0:57 is so slick with the speed ramping
Can we talk about that genius wallpaper?
Great review! Thanks for showing off that Big Hero 6 wallpaper too - just added that myself!
Stop sleeping on sony's Xperia Marques
6:51 yeah.. I NEED the infinity display for..... reasons.
Do you scrip your videos?
*_Samsung s10e (Exquisite) Thank me later_*
okay why no one talks about battery life?
S10E should have better battery life with that screen.
Nice wallpaper in thumbnail
e = efficient (achieving maximum productivity with minimum wasted effort or expense )
Samsung s10 plus - flagship
Samsung s10 e.- flatboat
IPhone xs - flagcruise
That's a smart way to cover the camera at front. Good wallpaper.
Gets an ad for the new Samsung phones :D
That baymax wallpaper tho❤❤❤....
A cheap Samsung mid range is the A50. You probably won't review that.
Everyone seems to rave about the pull down notification gesture on the fingerprint sensor... my 2yo s8 has that feature... so its not new by any means... may be the tech reviewers never noticed.
galaxy buds review please!!
How about coaling it the "expensive midrange"!
Flagships are going for $900..000 these days?!  Man I've been outta the game a while
Came here only for that Wallpaper.
☺👍
Hi Marques Can you do a review on Redmi Note 7 pro
Love his wallpapers !❤
If they would have put a curved screen on here, it would be killing sales right now. But of course that's why they didn't do it. They wouldn't sell any s10's then.

The flat screen is a deal breaker for me but I love the finger reader on the side. Sorry but I don't care what they call the in screen finger print reader, I'm not jumping on board.
Flagcheap could be good
How much SOT do you get on this phone?
That phone is amazing
You can swipe down on any part of the screen and it'll bring you to notification screen. Don't even have to use the power button to scroll.
*8GB RAM exists*
Google Chrome: It's free real estate
How's screen on time on s10e vs S10 vs S10+?
Got myself a s10e last week. Great phone with moderate battery life 

Prism white is just classy af
Much better then xr :)
It's just premium. The $760+ range category is called super premium.
I must be getting old, i remember when the Flagship phones were 700$... I must have gotten old quick because i got the HTC 10 when it came out in 2016 and it was 680$
Entry Level Flagship
Watching on my s10
I'll wait for the note 10
How about High-End Phone?
Does anybody “need” the ultrasonic reader? $200 burning a hole in your pocket sounds more like it
wallpaper was intelligent ENOUGHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!(3:26)
The S10E is WAY better looking than the S10
Nice editing 👍🏾
an ugly phone
From software updates point of view, the iPhone xr is way more better deal than any Samsung device.
I have pixel 3 so I'm not a fan of any of them.
e = economy
Really good deal
I literally got the s9 a couple of weeks ago (and cracked the glass back IN the case), and now the perfect phone for me comes out?


Great. Just, great.
When watching this in 4k that flamingo pink really POPS
Didn't like the yellow headline in the intro, usually they're pretty nice
Flagship Lite
If you're in India the iPhone XR is Rs. 12,000 or $170 more than the S10e so they aren't even competing xD.
iphone xr sells in india for 1200$ , i don’t see anybody choosing the xr over the s10e
Why not review nokia 9
I've watched thousands of videos... You said all but spending much less time... I should have watched yours first... Man, you are awesome!!!
e for Esmall
the image quality is off the charts in this review
Dat wallpaper is clever
You could never get the proper color on sRGB
Please review sony xperia 1
lol $500 was considered flagship when the iphone first came out
0:58 I see MIA at work 😏😉😉
"$900 000 flagship" - Would they accept my left ball and kidney?
Let's just call it cheaper flagship
The old industry trend featured a main stay flag ship and a upgraded premium version that cost more. The new trend seems to offer the flag ship with a bloated premium price tag and a worse off version for pretty much flag ship money. Less for more. Thanks Apple
What's the wallpaper you using?
Midship.
2 great tech mysteries:
1. K in MKBHD
2. e in S10e
5.8 inch display still big enough
0:55
Did you get the robot arm for that shot
I am going to go from a Iphone SE user to a Samsung s10e.
Once the price drops significantly. :' D
Yes!back to the original outro!
Did everyone miss the finger print jesture, my note 8 has it.
e could be for elite like the Tablets they had before *like this so he can read it please*
Damn dat wallpaper tho 🔥
Why not a budget flagship?
sub-premium? like sub-par but right below premium instead
Kira is used right?
Sub-flagship
Can you send me a S10e... 😊
I'd like to see a 6T vs 10e comparison. Or maybe OnePlus 7 when that comes out if it's in the same price point
I was team iPhone until yesterday when I got the Samsung Galaxy S10e !!
No pen no phone!
Please fix your haircut, take more off the top.
They should allow the fingerprint sensor to allow to scroll like they use to have on blackberry trackpads.
Why is every youtuber skipping on S10 it's a lot different phone than S10+ with a battery capacity just 3400.
Sadly, here in Brazil, S10e will cost the equivalent to 1100 USD :((((((
mini ship
Its upper middle class price
I love the smoothness of the robotic camera arm.
Samsung s10e BEATS iPhone xr and xs PERIOD...
4:37 Oh shut up. The side bezels are clearly smaller. Also you didn't mention that there's no notch. Like seriously bruv? If I am watching an MKBHD review on one of the best smartphones of this year, you cannot skip that.
In all honesty, who cares.  I have a phone . It works. I’m happy with it.  No you can’t have my fucking money, Samsung.
OOOOOooooohhhh the robot shots!!!
I would choose this one out of 3 new samsung, like it much more then the bigger ones. But still prefer oneplus.
How about GunBoat for 700-750$ ^_^  historically placed below galleons(Man O" War)  and frigates for support
super cool camera work with that robotic arm. love the added touches to make these videos the best
Nice review and phone color looks cool....
Cmon guys ..ultra sonic is not just for fasting purpose..It's for 3d recognizing guys
I see what you did with the wallpaper :P
Entry level premium
High end midrange
Why not?  Because the Huawei Mate 20 X has a 7.2 inch screen.  7.2 inches.  I kid you not.  7.2 inches.
Been saying forever that the ultrasonic fingertip scanner was a gimmicky thing. Slower, and it doesn’t work well with a protective glass.
Whyyy the chin, uniform bezels look better than just a chin
Marques wallpapers collections 👌👌

I changed my new wallpaper after long time 👈
Thank u marques for this BIGHERO6 wallpaper👍👍
1:15  *$900,000*
“The big three are” Was that part shot with some sort of Robotic Arm Camera which you have shown previously?
Rip lefties
You know what the pocophone is faster than s10e on ulocking with fps; check that out Man...!!!😎
Phone manufacturers should have just made phones like this. They should have never made the expensive ultra premium models until the technology was cheap enough to manufacture at a lower cost.
that wallpaper 👏👏👏👏
THAT WALLPAPER IS JUST............. EPIC
Who else is scrolling while watching
The wallpaper is so smart
Is the "K" for Kearny?
I see the robotic cam shots!
I loved the baymax wallpaper for hiding the hole
Love you
Question for Marques. Why waste so much money on buying every single phone out there? Can you donate instead? Is it just to get more viewers on social media?
Are u doing a giveaway
Just set my wallpaper to that baymax one.
Apple set the tone, others follow
I was expecting a battery life test for the S10e on your review. 😟
Lol my guy the e means Essential
0:58 killing the game. Nobody working like you
Damn, that wallpaper though!
Just bought this phone and I love it 🥰
The level of disrespect to lefties...
Only problem I have with Samsung phones is the front facing camera. Beauty mode is soooooo trash
I think the category should be called "eco-premium"
Love your wallpaper btw
I won’t get the s10e or xr because I want the best of the best options! Also im a all time iPhone user and won’t switch to Samsung. 👀 ❤️ 👉 🍎
Why not YouTube a phone unboxing...again.
I would like something like an S10 e plus.
Plz do a review on xperia 1
Cool wallpaper
It's (e)ssential.
S9+ to this, is it worth it?
*Still don't know what the 'e' stands for, efficiently.*

*_S10efficient, probably._*
Only I came to see baymax
Entry level maybe?
“So the big three are the cameras, the fingerprint reader, the new display and the price” 4️⃣=3️⃣ now
Love that wallpaper!!!
It’s good looking but it’s unbelievable that they still couldn’t do like what Apple did with the bottom chin. anyone who denies this is dumb
0:58 This whole sequence was insanely clean
So s10E v.s. samsung galaxy s8 there both around the same price  well the 8 cheaper but which is better for there price and software
All these vids are the saaame. So boring. Phones are boring. No one cares any more.
Junior flagship
I like the canary yellow color among the new colors, next is the green then this flamingo pink. Seeing new colors is just so good. Old colors like gold, black have become too much boring.
Imagine a 6.3 S10e
Yeah I hear ya mkbhd but how about that camera?
i played with it in best buy and it’s way better than an iphone xs. nice for people with small hands but people with little larger hands would go for the s10. the s10e fingerprint location is perfect but volume rocker is high
Samsung Galaxy S10e  is better than Samsung Galaxy S10.
Please note: the galaxy s8 had the gesture on fingerprint reader feature. you could even do a double downward gesture to expand on the quick settings bar (wifi, bluetooth, flashlight, etc...)
Just FYI.. Swipe-down for notifications on fingerprint scanner? It was in S8 too.. I'm using it since 2 years now
honot view 20 is better than this shit!
The ultrasonic sensor is faster if you don't put in a lot of pressure it works quick like the s10e's fingerprint reader on the side.
budget premium !!!
But like I haven't bought a phone in 4 years, do think the 10 is a better oprion for someone who buys a phone every 4-5 years instead of every time like a normla person lol

ps drunk posty tsorry
If it didn’t have that chin. It would sell a lot more.
3:08 Marques is still  like  us 7 15 am , 7 55  and legendary 9 30 am 😂
Person With 900 000 dollar flagship: Broke.
Person With AirPods: *WOKE.*
The s10 side bezels are smaller
Please, no more corny intro title
i think its more suitable to go into the Galaxy A line instead the S line
_These are _*_Budget Flagship_*
i wonder if s9 is a better deal than this phone at 750 bucks?
Please tell me I'm not the only one hearing the "E" meme in their head every time he says "e".
At 0.57 finally used robotic camera😉✌
I really like the S10E now, it has everything that I needed from other phones which made me avoid Samsung before like the flat screen, wide angle camera (LG), side mounted fingerprint scanner (Sony) honestly would buy if I have money
pixel 2 htc edition here so....5.8 s10e is huge for me.  Big plus for me is the small phone size and flat screen. this phone is so much win. samsung came out swinging.
Jez... phone price is joke, thanks to Apple lol
0:58 Mia is getting good.
1:14 $900,000 Flasghip models. Man.. I better save up
Mine is coming in the mail!  I can't wait.
Someone pls tag Austin Evans
@MKBHD the panel here in only 1080p... It doesn't have a 2k display like it's two brothers. That's why it's doesn't allow you select the resolution
Did he say 900 thousand dollars who would buy a phone that price
I'm kinda liking premium midrange like others have already said. It's kinda odd that you can get an actual premium phone like the U12 Plus for $49 more. The S10e screen is sweet despite the hole. But, you have to decide between a better screen, or pay a few dollars more for better speakers, headphones, camera, battery, charging, screen resolution, and performance.
We call it middle class priced
0:43 I see what you did there.
Much appreciated production Marques 0:57
As an jailbroken (12.1.2) iPhone 8 user, seeing that notification pull down with the finger print sensor is cleannnnnn. That is a very nice feature for larger phones. I find it’s not an issue with a pop-socket but we have wireless charging now so a pop-socket messes with that unless you compromise placement. That was a nice implementation though!
Budget, Midrange, Economy, Flagship, Luxury.
The swipe down feature on the fingerprint reader has been around for a while. It's really nice to have on my S9, still one of my most used features.
HI I AM TIM APPLE
Are u done with the pixel yet?
It's not a flagship it's flag water.
Marques' video quality has been on steroids lately
So.......do you know that samsung even launched m30 and a50 like great budget phones this year........if u knew about moto g5 which was budget phone.......hope u know abot these phones tooo......😅😅
at :57 almost super cool; phone shook a lil weird and the final pic of the front was slightly tilted but good effort!
Lower Flagship?
e is for "essential". Why are you so confused about that?
E for essentials
E stands for Essentials. This was said on the stage just before announcing the 10e.
"they just want another iPhone"
Fuck that
He wants to make sure EVERYONE knows he owns a Tesla. Garbage car
The e stands for essentials. I think this was mentioned by Samsung somewhere...
Watching on my s10 lmao
This one is my favorite of the new samsung devices. If I wasn't so beholden to stock android, I would most certainly get this one.
That robot arm shot😍
Airplane Seat Price - Phone Price 
First Class - Flagship
Business - ???
Premium Economy - Mid Range
Economy - Budget


I'd say ??? is Full or High Range.
Great review! S10e is the phone for me. I like the features and the price isn't too crazy. Also, the pink one is super cute.
XR gets me when it comes to longevity, i dont have the money to but a new phone every year, usually i keep me phones for about 3 years, i had a gs7 edge then this year got the iPhone XR the gs7 didnt get any of the features (In terms of updates) the s10 has and is soooooo slow, i had an iPhone 5s before the gs7 and that was faster than the gs7 in some scenarios even though it was 3 years older, loving the XR
S10e = economy 🤔
Pretty sure the 'e' stands for Essential.
Why not? Because it is still expensive for me
I think e stands for economically friendly
Best of your videos yet!
im poor so i call it expensive
only one real liker
E may stand for Economical 😃
e stands for extra
Forget about the review. I noticed some crazy camera movements. That's cool, man. 👍
Great Video..I Love Your Work..Who The Man Like His Work? I Want To See Him/Her Who Is Real Fan??
I think the e is for economy
The best video production on YouTube 😍
One of the worst things about S10e, for me, is the 1080p display. Despite that, I like it better than S10 normal and +
Like, the flagships are like... 900,000 dollars he says. Thats pocket change! Trump says. Thats ‘i guess ill just die’ pricing i says. 
Mk bro, you got a fever or something? You feel good? Lmao
I'm watching this on the s10e. Best phone I've had so far!
I'm still rocking an essential phone. Another 2 years lol
Imagine a green s10e
Battery is the real deal breaker for many people...
Any beebom fan here ?
I would say it's a good phone but .y 10e is buggy af compared to my old phone. Wtf Samsung. I need an update to fix it. And the battery life is mediocre at best. One day at best
I was told by samsung people that e stands for essentials..
Wow mkbhd you are making much better videos now. I like how you chose the wallpaper maintaining your red colour theme. And thanks for reading our comments and improving. You truly care about your subscribers.
iPhone xr users 
Switched to s10e- like 
Comment- switching to s10e
More like mid-tier flagship
next target, samsung s10e...thanks for the review 👍
I wonder why your video only uses the full screen of my mobile.
Other videos just don't display in full screen....
Oh yeah your videos they are really well made...!
I just want to say that the wallpaper in the thumbnail made me smile..
People are arguing iPhone Xr vs Galaxy S10e, but we know the real winner here is Baymax.
Someone finally realized about the iphone ecosystem this kidz at school are the only ones that think iphones are the best phone in the market xD sorry for my grammar
I love those wallpapers that hides the hole, in ur other vid its wall-e 😁😁
0:47 love the wallpaper perfectly integrated with in-screen selfie camera
Amazing camera angles MKBHD!
Damn.. The wallpaper
Marques, not sure if you read these all that much but it’s marketed as “Premium Essential” meaning essential features for premium flagships but no bells and whistles. Pretty appropriate and I’ve adopted it myself.
This will give true competition to oneplus 7  as the price until then will fall down to 400 dollars and at that price u will get better camera better display a headphone jack akg tuned stereo speakers ip68 water and dust resistance and fast wireless charging and also legendary one ui which makes the whole operating system easy for one hand use so clearly it will be tough year for oneplus because of s10e.
e in S10e stands for S10 economy
Hi @mkbhd. I have a Note9, and the telephoto lens is used only in live focus mode. I found it out when i used an Aukey wide angle lens which i clipped on the back cameras. So in my opinion, the telephoto lens is only being used as a depth sensor and not a zoom lens. When you tap the 2x option, it only uses the main camera’s digital zoom. So i don’t know why samsung calls it a telephoto lens. Hmmm...
I actually don't really like the infinity display. I have the Note 9
Avengers Endgame: Some people move on, but not us.




This video: Some people skimp on this product, but not us.  This is one hell of a premium midrange😏😏😏😏😏😏😏
my eye sees s10e has thinner side bezel than xs
pseudo flagship!
s10 with exynos sucks on batery life :(
Why is no one talking about the shot at 0:58 ??? That was so trippy
Execllent production as always 👌
Dat Wallpaper though
0:58 that camera movements
$100-$300 budget
$300-$500 midrange
$500-$700 premium
$700+ don't buy.
Love ur honest reviews 🤗
create wallpaper logic with camera
*me watching this on my 200 dollar phone*
Why would you buy the s10e it's cheap
This or pixel 3/XL?
Ahhh I'm so torn between the S10 and the S10e!
Sorry but I'm in the 1% of people who only want the best of the best. note 10 for me
That camera move are by the mechanical arm...am i right??
You forgot there's no Samsung DeX on S10e.
Samsung economy
Is it just me or do other people not care about mid range phones because I would much rather have the best phone?
Huawei copied again.. 😂 
Huawei Nova 4e.. 😂 😂
Is no one going to talk about how UGLY OneUI is? I mean, yes, some stuff is easy to read, but the icons are ugly, the layout is ugly, the layering is ugly, the roundism is too heavy handed and super ugly.

PLEASE GO BACK TO THE LAST SAMSUNG UI.
Honestly s10e is for me but... One thing throws me off the cliff for this and that is the camera module... So ugly🤦🏾‍♂️
The only reason I wouldn't get the s10e is only because I'm used to a bigger screen of almost 6.1 inch
nobody is talking about the missing heart rate sensor..? i guess, people are not into it..
As someone who owns the iPhone XS Max, I'll say that the S10e is a better deal than the iPhone XR.
Just thinking e stands for entry level.
Elvis thats the E
0:58 Love the panning
Love your wallpaper
The big hero 6 fits perferctly😲😲😲😲
I love the side fingerprint scanner since the Sony started it! It's such a natural way to power on the phone!
Starting to realize YouTube isn't easy I thought it would be.. I upload videos every week and can't even make 10 views, I am the only one who drop a like on my videos super sad, all that work for nothing.. I might quit it all together.
oh c'mon! the side bezels are thicker on iPx  4:28
MARKASS
E is for electron
I like the e better it looks way more smooth
There are two reasons why NOT an S10e - 1.  You want (or lust after) the camera of the S10/+. (Arguably, the best non-Pixel camera hardware out there.) 2.  You want to go cheap - in that case, there is the S9+ (same OS, same UI, and $200 less than even the S10e) - if you're coming from an S8 or earlier, other than OneUI, the learning curve is zero (the fingerprint reader is in the same place, even).  However, those are it.
S10e : essential
Ask SuperSaf his source on that
What a beautifully presented review love from Saudi Arabia ❤️
I see you really love Flamingo.
Just call then "normal" phone price
"mid range" flagship cost more than last years flagships Lol.. no thanks. My point of diminishing returns is $400.. if it's over $400, it isn't worth it.. every phone can do everything nowadays, the only thing that truly sets them apart is the camera.. but a phone with 3-4 main cameras is kinda dumb to me.. just give me 1 really good camera Lol..
Does the fingerprint sensor work when the finger is wet finger ?
e is for even cheeper
I know I'm color blind as hell but that looks like a very weird pink to me. If he didn't say it was pink, I would have guessed something like a faded green or orange....my eyes are fucked.
Samsung is copying Apple. They work together to push prices up! No thanks. Too many other phones that are $200-$300 range that are amazing!!!
6:35 you should have said "for the lot of isheep's it's won't even matter they just want to get another iPhone regardless tim apple is making fool outta you and don't aprichiate new tech over a shiny glass slab." 

Edit: thanks for the likes.
You said exactly what Dev2D said on his video ..
This is the flagship, not the S10. the S10 has an under screen fingerprint reader and an extra camera. Big deal. The processor is the same, and that's basically the most important defining feature. This is the flagship without paying for extra crap. The fingerprint reader on this thing is a winner.
Now Samsung products improved..
If this phone had a bezel instead of the hole punch, the fingerprint scanner was lower, had a much bigger battery, and wasn't made by Samsung, it would be quite the contender for me!
It stands for 'essentials'... Listened it during the unpack event..
1:15 900,000 dollars
They should have priced it beloe 600$, then oneplus won't have a chance!
Just name it High Range ;)
unrelated: the home screens are absolutely adorable
This phone..
A game changer to fhe next level wallpaper
Take a photo of a tree, zoom into the leaves, enjoy the laughs.
Mmmmm not bad
0:58 - 1:02  too👌.
Samsung manufactures inside India, so the $750 S10e will be wayy cheaper than the $750 iPhone XR
I got a huawei ad before this video starts. I NEVER got a huawei ad. wtf?
Do you give me this phone please
that base on the intro is thicc
the "e" stands for essential
That dynamic shot on the device!!
Awesome review! I'm definitely going to invest in this phone.
For the s10 (and probably the s10+, maybe s10e) there's a setting where if you swipe down from anywhere on the home screen, the notification bar comes down
Super in love with the design of that phone. Hole punch is very cute.
Don't "midrange" $750 phones! They're gonna use that next time to talk about how $750 = $150
Here in India, S10e (128GB) is 200$ cheaper than iPhone XR(64GB) & 300$ cheaper than XR (128GB)!! Budget beast S10e! 🔥🔥
I love that phone. I can't hold my S9+ without a case I think I could actually hold that one.
Might have to start using auto terms like superphone and hyperphone for these new tiers.
You should call phones around 750$ upper class phones
Flagship lite?
Not sure if people know this, but the S8 also has that swipe on the fingerprint reader for notifications feature that the S10e does. It can also bring up Samsung Pay if you swipe from the bottom to top.
Even mid-range phones have more power than most people want and more display/resolution detail than most people can notice. This phone seems like a good  deal.
For me its like <$150 low budget phone
$150-$300 budget phones $300-$500 
$500-$900 flagship phones
$900-$1200 premium flagships
$1200< iPhones
$1800 foldable tablet phones
I'd call them entry-level flagships.  They pack top-tier internals (e.g. iPhone XR with the latest A12 Bionic chip, S10e and OnePlus  phones with the latest Snapdragon chips) but make concessions elsewhere (missing lesser-used features and parts) but still have flagship level performance.
1:15  is he talking about ships with flags ? $900,000.
Flat display is more better than edge... do u know how? due to fragile glass when phone drops from your hands then mostly edge corner breaks.
0:57 that way of videography is appreciated
Please do a comparison of the S10e vs one plus 6t
From 6:45 .... Or if you're not a true Note, S-Pen loving human. Samsung can fit a 3600mAh battery in that S10e. They could fit it in the S7 Edge. It bothers me when they use the efficiency of the SoC as a flimsy excuse to reduce or maintain previous battery capacity.
I got one, i love it
-34% less battery than the Iphone Xr-
€100-€200 - Low Budget
€200-€400 - Budget
€400-€600 - Midrange
€600-€800 - Flagship
€800+ - Go Away
Does any other phone other than the Pixel and S10 have the swipe down notification thingy?
Been waiting for this..
Cool review !
I really want to know what oneplus 7 has to offer before making a purchase.
"e" stands for essential if I'm not wrong
N i n e H u n d r e d T h o u s a n d
If someone starts calling 700 USD mid-range premium, all mid-range will follow. Not cool.
How's the battery holding up marques? How much of a SOT are you getting with it?
E - Essential
Why so short review??
Too bad i m a leftie
At what point in screen size does a phone become a tablet with cell?
Flagship Lite.
How could you be so professional?😍
Galaxy s10efficient
Considering getting this version of the s10e. Any have any other info/tips to tell me? Thanks.
e stands for edge
My Xiaomi phone pulls down the notification place with a swipe from the middle of the screen (also works from the top) I dont see why other companies dont do that too.. Phones are getting bigger, sure this button to swipe down is a good idea, but not as good as the Xiaomi one. Cuz its what we are used to, but easier.
I call it "old flagship" pricing
Left Index finger will be better for this Fingerprint position
Nice, definitely is the best value for money
What to call them, A-tier
Well this video was convincing
Flagship + mid-range = midship
Yes, you guys start to set up a lamp in the video. I want to know what does D2D think.
Awesome camera work from 0:58.....loved it 🤩
E=essential
Calling it midship sounds fitting.
Upload dat wallpaper on Google Drive :)
I hate the hole punch display 
😫😫😫😫
Have a similar fingerprint reader on the side of my Moto Z3, I actually like it and it works fast.  I sorta like at the 10e, not so much as a midranger then just for people who want a powerful but smaller device.  And of course less expensive.
You're amongst several reviews, both large and smaller youtuber's who have suggested the 10e over it the larger choices.  In a few months when this drops in price, they're going to sell, also wouldn't be too surprised if it leads the pack in sales, either through carrier deals or choice.
Why is that not a single review talks about calling quality? It's a phone and you make calls from it.
In Australia it is $1199
Premium Budget
Watching this on my blue iPhone XR!
Why can't e mean essential??
this dude literally just made videos vecause of the wallpapers
*e* stands for *EXPENSIVE* maybe.
Did I miss the notch
The camera movement when he said, Camera-fingerprint sensor-front camera-price was sooooo crisppp
Stop promotion of s10 series its been way too videos just s10
Love flat screen! 👍👍👍
"e" for - explosions !
e = economy?
finally someone beated iPhone XR😁
MKBHD WON'T REPLY TELLING THAT WHERE HE GOT THOSE WALLPAPERS
Bro. The cinematography for every new video you make gets progressively more amazing
You left out some reasons for getting the S10 or S10 Plus over the E, namely aesthetics (the camera housing looks a lot nicer on the S10/Plus and the bezel is smaller), higher storage, and more base RAM.
Hey You...
...........
Yes u...scrolling down the comment
Here's a cup of coffee fr you ☕..
Holy crap that finger print reader is really fast, would like to see
how accurate it is. Like if it's easy to trick or not.
I think the word you’re looking for Marques is “partial premium” 😉
Hey..Robotic arm shot at the start..AWESOME...😃
Epic thumbnail
E for Everyone.
The back of this phone look so old
That hole punch really ruins 2:1 videos
E = economy.  Der. You Yanks, come on Its the cheapest S10.
My quality was at 480p when the vid started, and I noticed so I changed it to 1080p and restarted the vid to see the smexy S10 shots in HD😉
god damn, this is much better than XR
Now I want sushi...
Stop being sarcastic in the comments, comment instead on the s10 itself, is the s10+ the best? Or maybe s10e is better?. Let me know what you guys think😀
Dear Apple,
Take note.
i reallly like this phone if it could detect a s pen it would be like made for me!!
Honestly id rather have this, great deal and that fingerprint sensor swipe is something id use so much.
It's a Budget flagship
I love with the size of s10e but also love with the features of s10+.
E for economical
S10 > S10 Plus > S10e. But they're all fantastic choices and superior to the competition, in some cases (like the iPhone) by a wide margin. At this point, Samsung is just competing with itself.
Sub-flagship?
call it premium economy
Waiting for your hands on the XPERIA X1
I have a Samsung s9 plus. Would u recommend an upgrade to s10e or should I stick with my s9 plus ?
Nice
This is the first Samsung phone i've been interested into... since ever. Maybe the last one was the Galaxy S2, lol.
Software updates for Samsung are slow. It goes same for the camera 📸
I’d personally call it “Premium Entry” or “Premium Entry Level”. Like, people will brag about owing an Audi, but a lot of people bragging have entry level Audi’s, if that makes sense.
Its S10E = essential 
@marquesbrownlee
"900,000$" 😂
My next phone, love it because i have and samsung s7 and is equally big, love the new display and the wallpapers to hide, and an in love with the yellow one.
Hi
The "e" is for "essential", The "S" series is for "Super Smart", the "J" series is for "Joy", and I think the "A" series is for "Alpha"
great phone, but your review production in this one is even better.
this review is one of the best production i ever watch in youtube. congrats Marques
Start making your vids in 4k hdr
Another cuckphone for cucks presented by a soyboy. Thin form factor for my thin weak hands, light because I'm unmanly, dope camera and dope screen. Sit the fuck down kid. This is just a fucking iPhone 1 with incremental improvements, nothing revolutionary.
E stands for Entry level
9 love what people are doing with wallpapers and hole punch displays
Idk if it's true, but I heard that the "e" stands for essential.
If this phone would've had that higher resolution screen 3040x1440 I would've bought 2. Everything about this phone is perfect. But damnit. 1080p...fug!
That category already has a name: "A Little Less Overpriced"
Seriously
This was such a good review
this phone is gold.
The e stands for essential. All of the essentials for the S10.
Subpremium
Flagships are 900,000 dollars?
Who else is going to apply that wallpaper on his s10e?
Where do I get these wallpapers from ?
$900k flagship master race
I just don't know if the s10e is worth the price... For that I'd just get the s9 which is pretty much the same thing and I'm saving like 250 bucks
The wallpaper is so cool! 😎
Yo marquess why it took so much time to review S10e?
Almost entire world did it.
But I was waiting for yours bro.
Flat screen is a better.  Round screen reminds me of the old TV CRT.
We all see that clean robot shot at 0:57
The big 3 are:
1. The camera
2. The fingerprint reader
3. The new display
4. The price
what about "sub-flagship"..instead of premium midrange n all..
The "e" stands for "essential"
That baymax eye cover up the front camera 😂
Hey, I thought you might mention. To guys who need rugged cases on their phone, with a flat panel, the cases can protect the glass a lot better than infinity displays. 
I'm getting S10e for this reason alone.
They should allow website, IG etc scrolling with the fingerprint sensor when not on homepage...
Rated E for Everyone.
Just shittt
Hey I'm beymax
Yeah Robo Gimbal 😆 0:58
nice. I clicked because at first I thought you were saying to get it because why not? And then I realized maybe this is a video on why not to get it.
E is Economy.
I really like the wallpaper! Haha makes me love the hole punch now 😄
Once I farted at an Apple store. Everyone was staring at me. Their bad they didn't have Windows.
MKBHD which software do you use to edit your videos
Shout out to big hero 6
I got the S10 since I want ultra sonic fingerprint sensor and a little curved/thin bezel. And I like how nicer the back look too compare to S10E. Otherwise, S10E is cool for me except there won't be S10E in my market. I bet Samsung leave some spaces for A model.
That colour this phone is perfect will buy it in 2021 or 22
3:10, that has been in my S9 since I got it.
awesome video bruh
Galaxy 10e, more like Galaxy tiny
I really want to leave my iPhone for this phone but I don’t want to give up Airdrop, iMessages & other features. I opted for a XR but the 3gb of ram is really noticeable since not many open apps stay running in the background. That’s the biggest disappointment & complaint I have on it.
This video is a visual treat for me .So smooth . Keep it up mkbhd
The side bezels look bigger on the iPhone XR
E is for ECONOMY version.

If this was in the $500-600 range id be all over it. But for me the oneplus 6t is a better phone all around for less money.
So if the "e" stands for essential, what does the "r" in iPhone xr stand for? 🤔
I like this phone. I think the size of it is really going fit my hand. Also the wall paper is blinding the camera. nice touch
That wallpaper is the only reason i am buying s10e 🤣🤣
Marques some one is going to copyright strike you for using baymax
Why do I want to own all galaxy s10 variants ?
Try Premium Lite
Dope wallpaper 👌
Flagship lite?
Flabbergasted 0.58🙄🤩👍
Let me thank you for making your video on an aspect ration that fits almost per6on an s10 👏🏻
Flagship lite?
*$750 and 1080p resolution!!! shame*
S10 family is great samsung is soingvis job well
Very good review brother, nd i like the s10e phone 👌🏼👍🏼
Kinda want it
wait so r in Xr comes before the letter S in Xs, but what does e mean
I'm sticking with my s8plus till next year. It's been a really good phone and the display is still the best.
Should I switch from the note 8 to the s10e?
This video looks extra good for some reason. Probably the best I’ve seen from MKBHD.
1:16 
900000 $
Budget flagship 🤔
These mkbhd videos are from future. FutureMan.
Midrange plus
"e" is for "e"ssential
he got the robot arm
Entry level premium
An "E" to make them "budget"
Always a pleasure watching your vids! Production is always on point especially at 0:58!!! Damn, son!
Premium mid-range , that sounds better.
Yeah that was 4 things. Not big 3. Good try tho.
Welcome to the mkbhd family Kira!
e for essential
Loving those wallpapers 😂😘
e = economy at least I think so
The only software updates Samsung gets is to slow down your phone so you can buy a new one.
I love the wallpaper
Will we get a Nokia 9 pureview review??
DID YOU GET THE ROBOT CAMERA?
I have been using it. Battery sucks!
I had a hard time choosing but I pre-ordered the S10 just because of Samsung threw in the buds which are really nice. Otherwise I would have gotten S10E. With One+, Samsung, and others upping base storage to 128GB hopefully Apple steps theirs up. If 64GB is iffy nice to know you don't have to pay extra for enough. 1st Android phone I don't have an SD card in.
C'mom Marques do the Galaxy M30 already man...
Is s10 plus your daily driver?
however the back of s10e is just so ugly
I’m going to call these $750 phones high end mid range
Your just nailing those wallpapers !!!
Normal price
Let's call them lite flagships
Perfect size 😍 phone
Your hands are so big, this mobile phone is not suitable for you.😄
that wallpaper!
I was thinking of switching to Samsung. Right now I have the iPhone X, what do you recommend I get?
Why would someone choose this over One Plus 7 ?
Is it wireless charging?
Why not Flagship Entry, since it's basically a flagship.
I'd like to suggest the category be called "Mainstream"
What about budget flagship 😂 mkbhd
hot take I actually prefer the screen on the 10e to the 10 and 10 plus. mostly because I always have "ghost touches" on galaxy phones
I traded in my S5 for the S10e last Friday. It's not quite the epic upgrade I was hoping for.
You’re dancing around a good name for the “e” but you know you want to economic. 😎
Premium Economy
That wide angle camera looks terrible. I'd rather just have a single camera and not have to worry about accidentally taking a picture with the bad one.
Samsung really nailed it this year! They made a s10 for all price points.
that baymax is just perfection. perfectionist orgasm. lol
I don't like people calling it a "flagship killer" because buzzwords herp-a-derp, but it's a solid phone. I'm still looking for another company to hit everything in the west with LG acting weird, HTC no where to be seen, Moto and Nokia still doing mid phones, and Huawei battling import disputes.
My new dream phone...
Should be called the 2015 price of flagships
What about vs oneplus
OMG a flagship is 900,000 dollars!
Nice phone review Victor Oladipo'
Loved the intro Marques!
Great cinematography !!!
Here how I categorize smartphones:
<200 • Low-end smartphone
200-350 • Budget smartphone
350-500 Midrange smartphone
500-700 Premium smartphone
700-1000 • High-end / Flagship smartphone
>1000 Luxury/Highly experimental smartphone
XR/S10e - premium phones

XS/S10 - ultra premium 

Max/plus - flagships
I would call it premium base
Just got a last year flagship for $241 on swappa. Never buy a budget phone always for the last year flagship.
Marques reviews are  probably is the best thing you can find on YouTube
I think the only big problem is the battery.
1:13 WHOA! The flagships are like $900,000 dollars!! That's crazy!
Ive got the s9plus but i might trade it in for the s10e the flat screen looks 100 times better then the curve, tbh the curves more annoying then anything else
its android tho :/
We should call this phone the galaxy Deluxe!
Digging this phone. Would buy it if it was cheaper.
E = Economy
At 1:53 the dude in the background is scratching his back😆
I already knew about the eye on the wallpaper, but it still tricked me thinking there was no camera lol
Bay max 🔥
Is the Caption Directly speaking to Verge 's Video of the same phone 👻
Samsung Galaxy S10 essential
The 'e' stands for essential.
Sub-premium? That doesn't sound bad.
That Tesla surf board in the background 0:13 and through out the video
E for economy 😅
Can i get 6 gb of ram on my s9+ via software update.
“Below the like button”
✌️
I believe the proper category name for these phones would be "cost justification"
Because they literally only exist to make $1,000 phones seem acceptable.
Sorry did I miss the battery life of this phone? You mentioned it was “great” and that’s relative. Can you give us an idea of screen on time on a single charge please? Oh and also in call quality with ear piece and speaker phone. Thanks
Call it "Entry Level Flagship!"
I wish the chin equaled the forehead. The asymmetry drives my OCD up the wall
You sound like you would like the music from the Night Owl Collective or Haywire
I want an Marques photo as my wallpaper with the camera as one of his eye 👁️
too small. if it was same size as my 8+  id buy it just for the flat screen
I didnt know donovan mitchel knows some tech sh+$.. lmao
I believe the e stands for everyone s10 everyone? I guess but I love my s10 plus so far amazing phone imo
e stands for economical.
Bro i just watch a few of your Tesla videos and TBH for someone who never have any interest in cars, i now want a tesla
Awesome, thx for the wallpaper, I like that. :D
$900,000 for a flagship phone?!?!
I like mkbhd because of his video quality. Which camera is he using i haven't seen YouTube video with this much quality vedio.
the question is, if you have a privacy issue, how to cover the front camera withOUT sacrificing the aesthetic?
While I think it’s great to have 6Gb of RAM, it’s crazy to know that 4GB of RAM is no longer enough in the Android side when we still see iPhones with 2-3gb of RAM.. My guess is that in 1-2 years, that 6gb of RAM has a possibility of struggling just like the current 4GB of RAM.
So, still no phone convinced me to upgrade my Galaxy S8. Maybe next year 🤷🏻‍♂️
FlagYacht
The starting font were not good, keep them simple, that's why we like you
The Hole punch is so much better than notches. Hole punch vs notch comment.
You can call it higher economy
S3 for Humans.
S10e for Earthlings.
I would be down for this phone but Im a lefty but the finger print reader is a no for me.
My guess for "e" would be economy
That flamingo pink s10e looks like orange to me
1:48 Courture 1's.. Okay Marques I see you
0:58 okay that was a clean shot 🤤👌🏽
this phone looks better than XR, front panel wise.
OBJ GOT TRADED TO MA BROWNS YAYAYYA
This phone look so beautiful!!
Why isn't anyone reviewing Samsung S10?? The standard version?
Wow I didn't know flagship phones were $900,000. But I'm not sure if the average person can afford it though.
It looks like it has smaller side bezels than the XS 
4:32
Got mine 4 days ago; Great quality, very practical body&screen dimension, awesome camera and smooth software experience + headphone jack and stereo sound ! What else do you need ? (former OnePlus 3T owner)
please review the Galaxy Tab S5e.
Do a iPhone XR vs s10e
750 dls is flagship..... 750+ is premium flagship
The xr really showcases thier battery life can we expect the same thing in s10e?
Oddly enough, if a phone were to get me to switch from Apple to Android, it’d be this one over either of the two more expensive models.
You kinda late on this one bro, because they said over 50% of the s10s bought were the s10+.
I would definitely take that phone over my iPhone XR
that clever wallpaper
I. Need. This. Phone. 

Ready to leave the iPhone!
budget flagship
Biggest possible battery :D - Already have S10+
Who else caught on to him saying, $900,000
E for economical. It's not that cheap though
Peep the notification vibration at 6:36
That’s because it’s 1080p screen

And why is everyone ignoring the middle child??
Watching this on my new S10! Just got it today and I absolutely love it, especially coming from an LG Stylo 2V. This was the first video I watched on the phone and the speakers blew me away! I've never had a phone that uses the earpiece speaker when producing audio and it makes a world of difference from the rear firing speakers on my previous phone.
"Midrange +" would be a apt name with every company releasing a plus phone anyway :P :P
I find it weird that flagships used to be the fairly affordable, everyman phone. Whereas now most people really only need this "premium midrange", and you have to shell out for the latest tech like an ultrasonic fingerprint reader or foldable display.
Which one are you getting?
E is for Economy
I've never clicked on a video so fast
0:58 That transition !!! So dope
4:35 is that really a Xs not an Xs max?
123,456 views




Once in a lifetime event
Let's call it Premium Economy :D
The heart rate monitor was always forgotten :(
Wow I'm using the same wallpaper lol
Which one should I get? This phone or the s9? The s9 would cost me $550.
Lol 900.000
I'm here with only 123k views...




I FEEL SO SPECIAL
that thumbnail makes you look like checking out a hot woman.
You need to teach how to make a thumbnail to the guys of @unbox therapy
So the s10 is a better choice?
XR>>>> S10e
Let's go with premium mid-range
Why not flagship budget or budget premium?
I love the placement of the fingerprint reader
weird ... that s10e same price with xr , right ? $750 the cheapest

but in my country XR $880 but the s10e around $660 .....
Does Dex work on the E?
0:58 Dope Tech has entered the chat.
E is for Essential
What about the wireless charging of other devices? I'd love to charge my galaxy watch on the back of my phone (so I dont have to bring the cradle with me when I travel).
upper midrange? like upper middle class?
S 10 e =  S ten e  = S tiny
Loving my S10+ but I need to try this one out as well👍 Great review
1:14 Did I just hear "nine hundred thousand dollars"?
cool gadget, nice screen , I just do not like the aesthetics of the camera but nothing more is a really good phone
E is for ECONOMY
Excellent review...
Flat screen! Yes!
The S10e when I was getting my new iPhone 7 I touch all the S10 models and of course the S10e it was yes, at T-mobile 747$ like Xr it’s good..
There is an option that is stock in Samsung OS where you can pull the notification bar down from any part of the screen while on home screen. It is located in the home screen options
e For economy
So subtly added in those hydraulic camera moves👏
Upper midrange or lower high-end imo
I go the regular 10 because of the promo T-Mobile has right now.
Budget flagship
Dance nibb dance ...hold Ur beak....put finger deep ..dance nibb dance ...jackass brown pee
I call them entry level flagship? Or economical flagship?
Goooooood
What was your first smart phone?
I've been an LG guy for a while now (currently V30) but this is my next phone.
It's Android, the retarded cousin of iOS
E stands for essential
$900,000??
I wish I had that phone 😭
"flagships are like nine hundred... thousand dollars." 






They might as well be $900,000, I can't afford it anyway 😂
¿Pixel 3 or Galaxy S10e?
In my opinion the 10e is more beautiful than the others. The bezels are almost all the same all around. In the 10 and 10s the bezels are so uneven. Makes by brain automatically do comparisons regarding the chin and the top and the 2 front lens. Urgh.
Yo that background though
Marques khabib brownlee
I'm going to buy Galaxy s8 in 2019.
How is the battery life going for the S10e? How many screen hours did you get? Do the battery perform better than the regular S10? 
Anyone?
Your videos are so gorgeous
OH, SHIT! That wrap-around sequence!!! 👌👌👌
0:44 Like That Wallpaper
Camera sucks on the s10. It washes out photos unbelievably. I returned the phone
the e stands for Economy
thus economy flagships were born 😂😂
E=Essentials
So y'all gonna pretend like that intro wasn't dope?
All these phones at 1k CAD, fucking ridiculous lmfao.
Make a video about sneakers!
You know you it has been possible to do the notification thing with the fingerprint scanner since the s8...
Anyone watching this on S7 edge like me?
s10 economy
0:56
So the big three are the cameras, the fingerprint reader, the new display, and the price.
I like your reviews
I call these new line of phones “budget flagships” cause essentially that’s what they are, they are downgraded flagship models, so why not budget flagship
NICE BROTHER
1:18 we can call it flagship killer
The new hole punch wallpaper trend. I saw the Wall-e and Futurama version too on S10+. Baymax is cute. The star wars orange robot can be used too.
That’s how I feel too MKBHD, flagship is 900-thousand dollars!!!!!! 😅😂
should i get mi 9 or s10e(exynos)?
Nine-hundred.... thousand dollars lmao
the one with a 15 minutes full charge something like that
e for eugene j/k
Love that robot shot!
1:15 $900,000




$900-$1000
I want to buy a 4k ultrawide screen just to watch MKBHD's videos!
what was that new battery that is supose to be in the s10?
I have the s10 plus and I love it the ultra sonic fingerprint sensor is super fast I'd say faster then the s9 I dont see why people are saying its slower.
Great review, thanks for showing YouTube video and the pull to fill past the hole! Been looking for a shot of how that looks. 
Loved the robot pans and the red on red, very cool
The fastest fingerprint reader is the Samsung galaxy A5 2017. Its the same one as the 10sE that u just showed us
I misheard that as "flagships are $900,000" and then I thought we're probably not far off from that.
Marques reviews are best reviews
How about the battery.  I heard cannot on screen for 4 hrs
I can't stand the curved display that makes the border line of any video extremely ugly due to light reflection, aside from making it fragile. So yeah, this is the one.
As mentioned before, it should be called entry-level flagship rather than midrage. 

premium midrange = mid range specs + premium touches

entry-level flagship = flagship specs - lesser features
Those camera changes at the beginning 🔥🔥🔥
At 450 or 400 bucks I would think about it
This guy has come a long way. I have seen his oppo find 5 way back half a decade ago. Well done you are doing a wonderful job.
This phone is OBVIOUSLY better than the XR😂. Come on Marques
Midrange premium?  Sounds about right
Samsung will make a great sale for this s10e
I actually love the S10e. It’s so tempting! I can buy it in installment for ~$35 a month over 2 years. I’m currently using a 6s.
The e = Economy version. hahahah
That robotic camera shot was dope!
Headphone jack (in 2019) has a separate fanbase.
0:57 - Okay, now you're just showing off with that robot of yours.  :)
Great vid I think if I had the choice between the S10e and the S10 I would definitely choose the S10 still but the S10e has some great features. I love how fast the fingerprint sensor is on the S10E and from what I have seen it seems like the phone runs really well. I saw wallpapers like those on Twitter and man those are so creative and just so awesome! Its a totally genius way of using the hole punch!
All this technology is now boring....
The flat display sold me
You could go "upper mid-range", like upper middle class
Thanks for using my wallpaper I'm very proud of it.
i still wants to wait for note 10 and might be S11 as unbox therapy said the front cam is not secured at all so im not with the S10 anymore sorry Samsung
Yup iPhone users are the republicans of smartphones 😁
Damm this phone is hot.. God get me this phone 😁
I am in Seoul, South Korea right now and paid a visit to Samsung's Digital City yesterday. I was told that the e stands for "essential" during a tour of Samsung Innovation Museum.
Flemingo pink
No
Its dondonquixote doflamingo
Wow cute phone
Where do you get your themes from?
Flagship phones are $900,000 ?
sub-flagship pricing?
That's what I'm getting... In 2 years or so. 
I'm happy with my S7 that I bought new 10 months ago and it's great!
Entry-level flagships?
I would imagine e stands for entry-level
e stands for EHEHEHEHEHE, NOPE!
Is the S10e better than the note 8 tho??
😁😁😀😁😀😀😁😀
Hi Marques, Thanks for the great reviews and other content you've been creating. I clicked on the Join button just now for your channel and look forward to seeing the additional perks. I hadn't seen that option on any channel before, so curious to see how it works. Seems similar to Patreon, but with YouTube integration making it easier. Happy to be helping you with your work!
The creativity of wallpaper is awesome
I actually had to rewind the video like 5 times just to see that Robot shot...That was a masterpiece. Really a work of art... 👏🏽
Upper middle class smartphones
3:40 Samsung has had fingerprint gestures for a while. I always use it on note8.. gesture up also opens Samsung pay
You never needed to reach up to the top to pull down the notification bar, you can swipe down from the middle of the screen! I see a lot of reviewers reaching up all the way to the top and I get so tilted haha
e is better than 10 for me
Thanks for removing that color pallate
Great Review!
I became your fan Marques Brownlee!
I'm using S8 for almost 2 years, and i can say: infinity display with rounded borders took of screen size in my opinion. I don't think i will upgrade to another display like that. If they make a larger S10 without rounded infinity display i would not have any doubt to get it when i need to... The S10e is still very expensive in my opinion, they will lower the price fast for this one..
Even with the "Giant Dead Pixel" display, having flat glass puts the S10e in the running as a device I'd at least consider.  My wife's due for an upgrade this year ... if I brought home that phone in bright freakin' pink, she'd be thrilled.  Glad to see a flat glass option from Samsung again.
Would a phone case hinder the ease of use of the fingerprint sensor on the side? Also if you do a screen shot will the camera hole be in the shot?
WHAT ABOUT THE HEADPHONE JACK??!?!?
It’s called budget flagship.
oneplus now have to make to make some ground here the price is close
MKBHD: S10e review 
Comment Section: 👀👀👀 that  robo camera shot though
ima get this when there is a promo
1:14 didn't know phones these days costs 900000 dollars
The iPhone XR isn't a deal at all tho
totally agree with your vision.......
very good  phone.....
superwide fun......
Is it worth it upgrade from S9(not plus)?
Just bought this phone for my dad and he absolutely loves it
I watched alot of video regarding s10, but i get here bcause of that wallpaper
Sometimes i start to think that maybe they put that fingerprint reader on the top because they want to make a case for the reader in the screen. They want to show how convenient the one in the screen is. I actually think this one on the side is better, they just screw it  up a little bit (probably on purpose, who knows?) putting it very high.
E is for essentials!!!
How about
$750 : flagship
>$800: premium flagship
I really wish people would stop using "budget" as "cheap". If I have $1000 for a phone the S10 is in my budget
i waited 6 days for this video lol
its e from essential, at least it came like that to the store i work at
Hasnt the fingerprint reader notifications gesture been here for a couple of years??
900,000$
I really truly don’t get the point of under glass fingerprint censors. Like why would you want to spend so much energy just to put it underglass? If you want more screen just put it on the back or on the power button. To be putting the fingerprint reader on the back is actually easier to touch. Those old readers are so fast I have no idea why they want to change that...
Mia was used!!! (Is it Mia)
@1:12 Name for 750$ phones budget flagships/mini flagships
Is see somebody finally using that baby lotion on them hands 🤔👍🏽
i played that part at 0:58 too many time 😂 so satisfying
What about battery? I just wanna know in screen on time just to be sure if im gonna be carrying with me some powerbanks
Not worth $750. Probably cost at most 300-400$ to make.... S9+ or even a note 9 for 500$ is a much better value imo.
1:21 I was thinking more of Premium Economy or something like that because of airlines.
I'm guessing the "e" stands for entry because it's the entry level S10.
🤪🤪🤪🤪
E for economic version
E stands for Expensive still.
I think it’s the best
Best phone on the market
i love it
With 750$ you can get  note 9..... is it really worth it to buy s10e?
Remember when flagships were $600-$650, or even $200 on contract in the US?
e is for essential
this phone is awsome
its such a shame that it costs almost the equivalent of $1200 in my f*cked up country (Brazil)
Where are the pixel-counters whining about "only 1080p"?
I will wait 2 years...just got my s8+ :)
The "e" stands for economy. Like economy seats on a plane.
“SMUDGET” - this $750 segment 
To me this is a better looking phone. S10 and S10+ look a little extra to me. And that extra ram ain’t getting any better performance in real world usage I’m sure.
There are little bits and bobs I don’t like about the phone, over all it’s great. But I really don’t like the lock button located so high on the phone, especially having a fingerprint sensor there too.
Like, you have to hold the phone in an unusual position to reach the button, then you have to wiggle your hand back into the usual, more comfortable spot
$900000 seems like a good range
Budget Flagship!
Why technical guruji have more subscriber then you?
I lived the way the camera moved in the beginning is the robot camera
It's a good upgrade for my Galaxy S8 (One UI updated) or nah?
Can you use the fingerprint reader while the phone is laying on a surface very easily?
personally i hate curved screen
_Marques in 2019_
Pink Phone
Anime Wallpaper
And a Cooking Pan in the frame[2:06]
750 usd should be called high end while 900++ should be called stupid.
Dude between the robotic arm shots and that all red shot, this is some next level stuff!
Flagship=premium
$750=deluxe
That wallpaper 😍😍😍
Midrange-Flagship
Above $900k lol
I got the 10+ and honesty  the only problem I have is with the sound. It's not bad but the sound resonates through the phone and vibrates it. It's super annoying when you're holding it. If I set it down I feel it on the table...
or just wait for the next oneplus
Marques' arms so long he don't need no stinkin' "optical zoom".
This is the one I've been looking for 2yrs!!!! Lightweight premin-ish one!!!
E stands for essential- fyi 😉
Next budget iphone might be called the iPhone RE.



Tim cook: "REEEEEEEE!!!" 🦅
We had a name for $750 phones. Flagship. We need to call these $1,000 phones what they are: ridiculous.
The budge will eventually be 900,000 dollars
In my opinion, i think the S10e is consider flagship, while the S10+ are premium phones
Upper range
Would the s10e beat my current iphone 6s in any way? Or should i wait till the 2019 iPhone comes out ?
Practicing camera paths with MiA, Eh?
This phone is like an economic power user phone.
E means “Efficient“. No need to buy S10 and S10+
If I had money and wasn't 14 I'd buy this cute small phone
It's iphone xs max specs at iPhone xr price. It's a great deal.
Can't we just get a phone with Samsung's display, 4100mAh battery, Snapdragon 855, 8gigs RAM, pixel 3xl software and camera, OnePlus 6t speed, headphone jack and iPhone fluidity? Why not? Why leave room for improvement? Why prioritize stuff when you can have all of em in one device? Can't we?
Legacy price??? Like old phones used to be priced at 750 dollars so “legacy”
Ebay sellers have them going for $689
How would you put this against the most recent OnePlus device? Is the S10e better?
Hey what's up guys. I'm Kip EHD here :D
best phone so far considering everything
This will be the first and last "premium mid-range" phone we see from Samsung once they realise that they're cannibalising sales from their flagship... unfortunate reality
Please Make a video about Huawei, until they stop doing that!
The camera view change is siiiick Need more of it
Lol for 750 bucks I consider it premium already, these prices just  keep getting insane every year! I would say midrange is between 300-500 maybe 600 tops.
Or just swipe down from anywhere on the screen if you turn quick-open on in your settings, lot easier
$900,000?
Are you making a full review just for the Galaxy Buds?
The e stands for ''ehhhhhh ill get this one''.
In 2 hours 110k views ... OMG
S10e or Iphone XR?
which should i get?
Only reason i didn't get the 10e was cuz samsung only offered the free ear buds to s10 and s10+ pre orders. This s10 is really good though
R is for relatively priced...




Xr
Entry-level flagship
I think this is the first of M's videos that I recognize the wallpaper and don't have to ask what it is.
I really want capacitive finger print sensors back. My 2 year old OnePlus 5 is thrice as fast as the new s10s fingerprint unlock.
Waiting long for mark sir s10e video.loved it.
I'm guessing that E stands for Efficient
Budget flagship
E for essential
Marquass Brownlee
As a left handed person, I hate fingerprint readers on the side.
$900,000 smartphones, don't give them any ideas Marques
1:13 Wow what company is making a 900,000 dollar phone? Lol That must be a good flagship phone.
e is for essantial 
That wallpaper is dope , high level prod
Honestly.. yes. why not? This is the best deal out of the two. Most of the added features are just add-ons and "may" not be that necessary. You got the same processor and cameras.. who use telephoto anyway? battery life.. yeah. but, it is fair. I checked it out on samsung store and I think this targets a specific market.. like my GF who likes things simple and not too techy.. two selfie cameras? once uploaded on ig or fb, it automatically decreases in quality significantly.. so why bother.. right? and.. COLORS! ;)
The way he matched the red in the wallpaper to the red on the desk he put it on 👌👌👌 (also i see mia has returned)
Battery, ram and camera are the only benefits the standard S10 has over the e in my opinion.

And like you said, battery life probably won't change much due to the smaller display. Plus, if all you're missing out on in regards to the camera is optical zoom, it's hardly a difference.

Imo the under glass finger print sensor is a cool gimmick but it comprises speed and the notification gesture looks very handy. 

Screen looks great, I personally don't think there's that big of a different aesthetic wise. You could even argue a case for the S10e appearance wise because there's only one hole punched camera in the display.

I think there is a genuine case you could make to argue the S10e is the superior phone. The only actual downgrade that isn't so justifiable is the ram, but 6gb isn't anything to laugh at.
S10e Economy
$900,000 flagships
1. They have had the finger sensor gesture since the s8 series, just to let you know if you didn't already

2. You mentioned it's a chore to swipe down from the top of the screen. There's a setting that allows you to swipe down anywhere on the screen to access the notification bar

3. Great video! Love the artistic camerawork!
Great video, nailed it!
How to be you...? You talk smooth like that phone is a part of you. Nice.
1:14, I was like woah, $900,000? Marques Fucking kidding me? than realized he meant $900-$1000 😅

Well still unaffordable 🤷‍♂️
"6 Gigs of RAM still feels like enough."

I'm still using a phone that has 1.5 Gigs of RAM.
Goodbye iPhone 8 plus!
Hello S10e!
How does this compare to the OnePlus 6?
Flagship lite... ...fliteship category!
Sorry Marques... but the S9 already had the fingerprint sensor swipe for the notifications tray. 
Maybe you aren't looking enough on all the features Samsung puts on their phones, where a lot of them are not really gimmicks, just something to Google to copy later :)
FLAGRANGE
Bruh get a fresh cut and line up!
Does it have Samsung Dex?
Samsung S9 for $530 or S10e for $750? Hmmm
@moblieking LMAO apple 2 years later "introducing the all new hole punch display" 😂😂💀💀 watch it happen
I SEE YOU FLEXING THAT ROBOT CAM 0:58
What about the processor?
What I don’t like is how Samsung is constantly following and copying apple. 7nm chip after apple. New ui copies ios. SE copies XR. 

I’d love to see them do something truly unique that isn’t the disgusting Fold. Stop following design samsung start leading!
The e stands for expensiven’t
Bro this ain't a review. What about the 5 pillers man 🤣
So you can't adjust the dpi / display size in developer options? That's actually a deal killer for me if so. Can you elaborate?
Budget Flagship tbh
Best S10🔥
That wallpaper 🔥🔥🔥
it has a snapdragon 855 so its high-end smartphone
Marques you can call $750 phone mid flagship
Capacitive fingerprint readers went too quickly. No need when they worked so well.
Is s10e water resistant?
Call it midrange+
The hole 🕳 punch is off putting, I’d rather have a notch
750 is called 'expensive'
Samsung Galaxy S10E - 750$
Apple's Shit - Really Cheap For iSheeps After Seeling Their Organs...
you missed a difference. the e doesn't have a heartbeat sensor
I prefer a flat display
All those wallpaper too holed
e means "elite" 🤔🤔
I love the wallpaper
1:13 New Flagship phones are now up to $900,000!!!! You heard it here first.
I thought e = essential?
ARE YOU STILL NOT GONNA TALK ABOUT LG HAVING THE FIRST TO PUT ULTRAWIDE CAMERA SETUP AND NOW SAMSUNG IS COPYING IT ?
Midrange plus?
Let's call it economy plus
Mark ass brownlee
E= expensive
Only reason I pre ordered the regular S10 was because of the galaxy buds, making like a £20 difference between the phones. If it weren’t for that I would have probably got this.
Not sure why people keep pointing out the fingerprint swipe gesture when that was on the S8 and it's easier to just pull down from the bottom of the screen to get to the nav bar and now One U.I. brings everything down too.
I kinda wish the bixby button was the power button
best phone in this price range
Hi mkbhd I have a quick question, I work my hardest with what I have to make tech videos and I post consistently but I'm not seeing any growth at all. The other day I hit my 3 year anniversary for YouTube and only gain 0 to 2 subs a month. Do you have any suggestions to get my channel moving?
But how does it stand against the S9+ or S9?
In a year you can get it for 550
It's a flagship price.
e stands for Essential
That gimbal though.... Reveal video?
"900,000 dollars"
      XD
Such a good looking phone. I swore to never touch a Samsung again when the curved screen came about, but this....wow. stunning
We are 100% going to collab soon
So far my G8 is just as good.  S10e is a great phone tho I'll agree.
The transitions are SO SMOOTH. 🤤🤤🤤
8gigs of ram on a phone.. macbook pro 2019 8 gb ram.. lol
Thought the e was for essential? The phone has just the essentials of a galaxy phone at that lowered price.
E probably stands for Economy.... Flagship Economy 😁
If it's one level below flagship, maybe we could call it Man-of-war?
1:00
High-range




IDK long-range
I buy the s10+ and after 3 days I days  assaulted
The flat display makes it so much more beautiful!
Robo shot! 🔥🔥🔥
The new range of phones will be named the Mid-High end range
Another iPhone? Just say isheep man keep it real. Oh and Samsung all day!!
0:57 
"The Big Three are..."
*Proceeds to name 4 differences*
That phone is better than any iPhone out now.....lol
I, for one, _welcome_ our new upper middle class smartphone overlords
I really want to see more smartphones this size or smaller, but with "mid-range" specs and pricing (£250 ish)
Best better deal and size
Does it have face id?
When is the note 10 coming out?
Samsung galaxy note 8 vs samsung galaxy s10 plus review
I love the robot arm movements. keep at em
Watching this video on Prism White S10e right now.
Great Phone love it. 👍 And also great great video 🔥🔥🔥
Disney might claim the revenue
Because there is an iOS 12 jailbreak out, fuck having green bubbles lol
$900thousand lol okee
I got a Android phone and a car wash for filling up my car with gas.
In Australia the s10e is $1200 and the s10 is $1350 (aud) so it's better value to just get the s10
I can pull down the notification panel with the fingerprint on my s8 as well.
I would say the S10e is the flagship. The other two are Premium Flagships.
bitch lasagna
Once S10 or S10+ phones go on sale, they will be great deal!
I work for an AT&T retail location. Per my Samsung rep, the 'e' stands for 'essentials'.
how about "premium economy"?
Went from a Galaxy S8 to S10e and it's close to perfect. 9/10 Only issue for me is the power button is a bit too high, besides that I've been loving this phone!
$900,000 Flasghips. *God damn it*
That is flagship. I don't care what you say.
I just got my note 9 us unlocked one ui update!
I think it should be
Entry level
Mid range
Premium
Flagship
This phone is the retarded brother of the s10 family
I guess a lefty would rest their index finger on the reader?
My guess is that that "E" stands for essential. When they presented the phone they said something about it having the "essentials."
Entry level flagship suits
Agreed with this review all the way. Thanks MKB
Once again,nice video Marques.
Switched from the pixel 3 and I have 0 regrets. The pixel was getting laggy and the March patch didn't fix it. The s10e makes the pixel 3 feel at least two years old instead of 3 months..
Nice phone, not worth more than $250. Same for XR.
My freind has just got one of these and i compared it to my £450 huawei p20 pro and my phone beat this phone your always paying for the name woth samsung but there is always phones mucb cheaper that kill it, they was still so greedy they made a cheaper version for what $750 thats absolutely crazy if you ask me? I can 110% bet you that there will be at least 5 phones this year that come out cheeper that kill this phone yet people will still buy it for the name insane people but oh well there money tight...
Dope wallpapers, Markass Brownie
Nice phone, not worth more than $250. Same for XR.
Nice phone, not worth more than $250. Same for XR.
DAAAAAAAAAAG IS REWIND TIME
Intro was sick 👊🏼
The quality of the video is insane. I mean music, camera effects, colors... Great! Thanks MKBHD!
How about Mid-Range Flagship
The e stands for essentials. One of the officials told me when I bought one.
Mid-Premium?
S10e is so much better!
This one also has Dynamic AMOLED?
I think I might be in the minority, but to me, it's puzzling. I hold my phone with my left hand because I need the greater dexterity of my right hand to do stuff. Kind of like I hold my knife with my right hand versus my left.
galaxy s8 has the gesture for the notifications. Pretty sure s9 has it too.
750 was what a flagship was worth a few years back. The fact that 750 is a “mid-range” is fucking mind boggling
How about calling the $700-750 phones "flagboats" since they're like mini flagships?
i’m thinking about getting one of the galaxys s10 but not sure which one to get... can anyone help me put not sure if i should get the s10e or the plus.
Is that a Red NOCs cameo I see? 3:49
Midremium.
highrange.
Coming from an S6, I was set on getting the 10e, I never liked infinity displays. The resolution is what sold me on getting the s10 instead, and surprisingly the infinity display is easy to get used to.
Who else is watching this on the s10e?
It's 1080p bruh
The question is, how much will this phone be next year? I'm not buying it until the price drops to $300.
Ok ok you have big hands we get it.
E stands for Essential.
Woahhh 0:58 was awesome
Finally a Samsung phone I would buy
S10 economy May be
I love the Baymax wallpaper
I know this will be lost but why not call this class "high-end budget" for the iPhone xr and s10e
Upgraded from pixel 3! Had to port the camera though
04:45
The screen resolution is already maximized at FHD+ , S10e doesn't support QHD
So let me get this straight. I'm seeing wall papers now that integrate the front facing camera into the design of the wallpaper? This is a fail ! Trying to make a black circle in the screen go away by hiding it, tells me that without this deception , it's a highly annoying look and experience! JUST LEAVE IT ON A THIN TOP BEZEL , LIKE THE NOTE 9 DOES !  STUPID DESIGN !
I’ll be glad when the cost to make catches up with affordability of devices. Asian markets have more choices which drives down prices. US. We get what we get. Are like lemmings. Say we won’t pay outrageous prices. And then do (myself included).
that finger print looks so much faster than ultrasonic on my S10+. and love that phone color.
New name for s10e 




A better XR
the title suggested me NOT TO BUY this smartphone lol
S10e = S10 entry  or S10 entry level
I've been using that same wallpaper for my S10.
We shall call this new segment.... Deluxe .cheaper than premium, but not midrange
Man! The wait was worth it, definitily buying the galaxy s10e!
Premium Midrange
I'd rather have this than the other two. I like the look of the S10 when there is a little bit of bezel.
I just upgraded from my s7, I just don't like the curved screens from previous years which is why I held out. S10e is a perfect upgrade from my s7
Man, the things your hand is doing to interact with that fingerprint sensor, I'd be in pain immediately, that's some unhealthy contortion and even people who don't have an existing condition are going to get problems if they do that too much.
900,000 Dollars? 1:15. Where did you get that?
I have an S10 and I'm very happy with it, but this S10e is really impressing me!
Just Premium for the name
When u morons classify products by price, you just ask for higher prices. It´s a top end device, not a premium mid range. So ye, thank you MKBHD, for asking so nicely for a higher price. 1500 bucks isn´t enough already.
Check my vids out I have tech that’s not even out yet, I have cellphones 📱 that will be released in 2021...love u tho bruh keep doing your thing all the way from the USA
So if the res is locked is it a 1080p screen?
On the one hand, It has a MUCH worse battery than the IPhone XR, worse camera (although it has a ultra-wide, Samsung has worse camera than Apple). 
On the other hand, the s10e has a better display, SD card and headphone jack
i don't know whats good about that hole punch.... it even worst than notch, at least notch position is symetric. i guess oppo and vivo have better option with motoric camera.
semi-premium
Is it weird that my budget phone that costs less than 200$ has like a 3300 mAh battery :/. Well I guess at the moment mobile internal hardware aren't really able to be utilized anyways except for faster loading times of games/apps etc. But usually even a mid tier or budget phone does pretty well still for basic tasks and gaming..... Well let's see how mid 2019 phones would fare up against these.
NEED PRO VIDEO MODE ON SAMSUNG DEVICES.
This phone looks so sexy
I dont understand how s10e or iphone Xr are a good deal, they both are 750$ which is not budget by any means. Why not just add 150$ and get the Flagship.
You are going to use it for years, does 150$ really worth loosing those features on a flagship.
I personally feel like iPhone Xr and S10e are so not worth it. I would go for oneplus 6T and save 150$ if I dont have money. There is a difference between the prices of oneplus and s10. But in s10 and s10e its only like 150$.
When does this come out
Compare the s10e with the g8, also it's hard to believe that most phones had 4gb of ram just last year and 2yrs ago
0:58 to 1:03 pure gold
Ngl, this phone is perfect for me
Why are you doing side by side comparisons against the + sized phones? It makes it hard to actually get a feel for the screen size difference.
Budget Flagship...
1:52 takes a photo which happens to be the one we saw like 10 seconds ago
One thing i wanted them to do with the new phones is reduce the black bar at the bottom. I have the s9 plus and the black bar at the bottom of the phone is annoying because the top one is skinny. looks the same on the new ones, just a pet peeve of mine.
1:16 the flagships are 900k where do you live 🤣🤣😂
What colors does this phone come in?
Midrange Premium: S10e
Premium Midrange: Oneplus 6T
Intermediate?
E is for economy price
*Anyone else pre order the S10+ to get it release day (3/8) but end up getting an estimated arrival of at least the 22nd?  So tilted right now man 😤*
Man those robot arm shots are just UNREAL!!
Cause a bunch of bullshit
Just use your pointing finger rather than the thumb for the scanner. Works perfectly
Budget flagship
Hello Mr.Marques B. i like that phone s much .. i will wait until i can have that phone .
That Beymax thing for the camera I didn't realize that
I'll just Come out & say it: GREAT REVIEW PRODUCTION.
4:05 Still DRE
Mid-Range Max
92K in only an hour DAMN!
Low Range: <$400
Mid Range $400-$700
Upper Range: >$700
Mid-range+
e is for economy.
Most flagships are still $699-$799, so I still call $750 flagship pricing. Samsung and Apple aren't the only names on the market.. they don't even sell the most phones.
Just wish they can make these phones less  Fragile (where you dont need to put a  bulky cover to protect the screen
Did he say $900,000
Sad samsung came up with 10e after I have decided to go with apple forever. Sold my note9.
“e” stands for “Economically Encouraged”.
*Man your video quality always inspires me, the phone has got some great specs though*
Does the s10e have a heart rate monitor on the back?
Loved how baymax blends with the camera
That wallpaper is genius
Heard the 'e' stood for economy
Still waiting for the Samsung 5g version
The 'e' stand for "essential".
man this is a great phone but I love my iphones I wouldn't spend all that money on an android device (just my opinion please don't kill me)
If this was pure Android I’d consider getting it. I just hVe horrible experience with Samsung UI. From phones to TV, I had nothing but Software problems.
Great production
The bottom chin is too big
I kept finding s10 plus in the YouTube search bar.

"Samsung Galaxy s10" 
not "Samsung Galaxy s10 plus"
EEEEEeeeeeeee
Great phone! I am an iPhone guy, but still, great phone. Love the side finger print scanner!
Swiping the fingerprint scanner to pull down the notification shade dates all the way back to the S8 (source: my s8)
My eyes do not deserve this candy!!!
Bruh the XR is still the more powerful phone
id call it budget flasghips
Closest thing to a modern Galaxy S5 we have. If only they would bring back the removable battery.
$100-300. Budget
$400-650. Midrange
$700-900. Premium Midrange
?????????. Premium
$1,100-1,800. Because They Can
All the "demo photos" but that airplane wing (sexy!) look like utter fuckin' dogshit, they look like they were super wide photos you pinched in too much so all the shapes are distorted, or that silly photobooth effect where you pinch in the center of the photo making it look like a really crappy zoomed in effect.
Damn you can just tap the finger print sensor and it unlocks immediately
The fingerprint reader notifications gesture is a couple of years old actually!
3:48 wallpaper and background blending is pretty cool
S 10 e or s9 ??
could be a sub-flagship
man honestly this phone is kick ass, well done Samsung!
Adios iPhone X and over 5 years of (((ecosystem))). Currently deciding between two types of fun: S10e or the Note 9 with 8gb. What would you guys use? 
Appreciate the small form factor but also love big and blocky S pen goodness (with a Frontier S3 hmmm damn lol)
Help..
e for economic!? 🤔
even retarded apple sheeps should acknowledge that, s10e is much better than iphone xr
the high power button will be lower and a new  feature of the S11
Please do the review of xperia 1 also 😁
More like, Pepto-Bismol pink! 🤮
mauuuu tpi gk punya duit..
new camera?
LowShip or LessShip
The “e” stands for “ew a samsung” it also stands for “going to be outdatEd in two years”
The size is the biggest fact of the phone. Lot of people out there want smaller phones.
I fell out of my seat at 0:58, it's mf 3d 😮
the wallpaper is brilliant 😍
Hmm... S10E best of the bunch of galaxy s10's since ultrasonic fp not that fast... 🙄
Look at s10e alone: oh that's some really huge bezels man, looks kinda cheap
Look at 4:33: lol
I have a galaxy s9 and I was wondering if I should upgrade to the galaxy s10e or oneplus 6t plz let me know which one is better
FORTNITE
saw whay you did there 😎
E stands for Essential. Wanna have this Phone.
Memba when $750 would've bought a small dukedom in 2007?
Flagship phones are $900,000.00. (Nine hundred thousand / Nine hundred - thousand) LOL ill take the Galaxy S10e thanks. I even turned on CC and it read $900,000.
Still s8 why not😅
Hey Marques , 

The video aspect ratio isn’t filling up any of the screens I use , why don’t you make something that fits all the screens edge to edge ?
It's crazy that we watched you grow up on here props for sticking with it and becoming successful mad props marques
E for excellent. R for retarded
That Sushi... I guess I am having Sushi this weekend.
E..economy
*Who would win?*
Ergonomic Fingerprint Software
————
One Left-Handed Boi
Small channel supporters, where you at?👋👋👊👊👊💪💪💪have a good day everyone ✌️
Your recording tech keeps getting doper and doper 🔥 
Btw, can you do a 2019 IOS vs Android comparison ? Not feature wise 
But life-span, battery usage, power management ( CPU/GPU/RAM utilization by power ) and how much stability can it keep with age !!
Like if you‘re also interested
How about Premium Economy? 😆
Yessir
Mane I thought you said $900,000 🤣🤣
Flagships' budget
cool!
0:57 well that was arousing
Why not? It doesn't run iOS.
How’s the battery life compared to the iPhone XR? I’m trying to decide which of these to get
$900,000 Yikes
Das hot OH THAT HOOOOOOOT
The swipe down on the fingerprint censor gesture feature has been present on Samsung phones since the s8
a PreMid phone.. sounds about right <---
e = economy
Nobody talk about the battery life !
that wallpaper though
What do you use to make your intro for the galaxy words .
Anyone getting tired of S10 videos? No hate, just an observation
1:55 Come on. We all know the camera isn't going to "get better". I feel like the whole "probably-get-fixed-with-software-updates-card" gets used way too much.
0:18 e stands for essential and that is confirmed by Samsung salespersons.
E probably stands for economy like plane seats Luls
Marques i think you are being a little unfair when said s10e is better than XR. 
cuz for one with XR you are getting a much larger display and a superb support for many years than s10e
Man does that intro track thump or what?
I wish that they made a S10e+
Flagships are 900,000 dollars....
I m buying Se
Samsung try’s to be like apple so bad lol is even funny they can’t hide it anymore
For me it's like:
<250€ super budget
250€ - 400€ budget
400€ - 600€ midrange
600€ - 800€ upper midrange/ entry lever premium
800€ - 1000€ flagship premium
>2000€ _luxury_ /flip phones
What ever that was at :58 was fireee
thanks mate for the great review.
The notification shade swipe from the fingerprint reader has been around quite a while. My Note 9 can do it and many older devices can as well.
These should be called regulars flagships and the $1000 phones should be called premium flagships.
i freaking love my s10 +
How bout budget flagship?
*Budget Flagship*
As someone who owns an iPhone 6s, I have been thinking about switching but I am just afraid that I won’t like the interface. I loved android 5.1 Marshmallow because I used to have a grand prime but I don’t know about the new OS. Any suggestions? Thanks?
Why is everyone reviewing the s10+ but not the s10? s10 is the only one I'm actually curious about. s10+  is too big and the s10e doesn't have in screen fingerprint scanner. s10 is the sweet spot but nobody is actually reviewing it. :(
Every Galaxy phone frome the S lineup is a flagship phone so not a midrange premium at all
I would call the $750 price range a Premium Midrange Price. And the high end phone pricing can be renamed to Overpriced High End Range.
Speakers?
Great review
sophomore midrange
why is audio so bad? You sound like Sid from Ice Age 🤣😂
Call it midship range.
Hat reminds me of the iPhone XR
Do you remember when you videos were 16x9 and would use every pixel of a 4k display? Man those were good times.
Just a heads up to everyone who has an S10e The color saturation of the screen even when Vivid is enabled doesn't display the saturation correctly... To fix this "enable blue light filter" and set it at the lowest possible then go back and look at a picture, you will see how it is no longer washed out. 

You can see the correct color saturation with "blue light filter" off while in the recent apps screen but once you return to the image it washes out. I figured out applying "blue light filter" corrects it for now!

I hope this helps!!! 

I assume they are going to fix this in a future update. Cheers! 🍻

-Dorian
no A12, no Smart HDR, slower updates even more so than the S10 and S10+, bixby, sorry I would take the XR all day over this
Fantastic review! I'm a note 9 owner and definitely samsung biased. That said, if I were in the market for a new phone I honestly would seriously consider it after this review. I personally love the note for the spen and the multitasking. I wonder if a smaller more streamlined version of the note might actually be a good thing?
the gesture swipe for the notification/status bar has been around for a while i have an s8 and i can do this too
e = everything all the S10's should be.
Galaxy 10e 24h after 
Galaxy 10e 48h after 
Galaxy 10e with a scratch on the screen 
Galaxy 10e with a scratch on the back 
Galaxy 10e wallpapers review 
Galaxy 10e camera comparison with the same in galaxy 10 plus 
Galaxy 10e top 10 tricks 
Galaxy 10e drop test 
Galaxy 10e white 
Galaxy 10e white 24h after 
Galaxy 10e white 48h after 
Galaxy 10e top 10 apps 
Galaxy 10e is it worth it 
Galaxy 10e my thoughts after a long period of use (7 days) 

Galaxy 11 hands on 
Galaxy 11 24h after 
And soo on 
This is now MKBHD galaxy every day Chanel
Mark-ass brownie
I had to click on the vid because of the wallpaper hahaha
barely used the 10e to make a proper review on it. This is more of an impressions video...
Why not, Premium Economy?
I just love how creative some of these hole punch wallpapers are
Relly
How about we call $750 high range and we call $900/$1000 robbery
Wanna hear a joke?
.
.
.
.
iPhone XR😂😂
1:23 upper midrange
maybe the E stands for economy?
How is the DAC Marques? Audio is really important for me and I haven't been able to upgrade from the iphone 6s because of the headphone jack. I know the LG V40 has a good DAC but I prefer small phones
Interesting, here in Brazil we use the term "premium midrange" for years!
Which ones the best in your opinion?
S10
S10e
S10+
I'm curious to hear why someone would choose the S10 e over the Razor Phone 2 and vise versa
That it's the best wallpaper that I've ever seen for the hole-punch display.
This will probably be cheaper than the next OnePlus, by summertime, and I can see it winning something like "Underrated Phone of the Year".
Nice
Mkbhd, does it has a portrait mode?
I like the background you have. Makes it easier to live with the hole punch on the homescreen
2:08 is that a lense shaped glass
Luxury cars typically have three tiers - Entry level, Mid, and flagship/full. I think Phones are starting to follow suit. S10e being the entry level premium, S10 is the mid level premium, and the S10+ being the full premium device.
that screensaver is genius :D
e for essentials?
The s10e is only 1080p. What other resolution would you want to change to?
Robots on action
Those robotic arm shots 0:57 caught me off guard !!!
0:58 Did you do that with the robot thing? If no how did you get that effect?
S10 BROKe
Huawei smartphones have more attractive colors than the Samsung Galaxy S10e.
Holy shit the hypocrisy of the fingerprint reader... So many smaller brands use to mount it on the side yet reviewers would always bash it as "bad placement and poor quality" yet now that big manufacturers are using them, everyone of them treat it as an innovation. ffs the exact side sensor was used in previous Sony phones and a slightly altered version for the Moto Z series... Honestly what's considered a good phone even by reviewers nowadays is just whatever samsung and apple do despite alternate companies doing it first/better.
how about some opinion on Samsung putting their shitty Exynos in their phones outside of US? really sucks for us
not to hate ( i love your videos ) but the 3:10  new future that`s useful, One plus 5t has it also 1 year ago
I have an s8 but I still don't have android Pi
My YouTube crush
Perfect wallpaper
Marques, what do you think of Samsung's One UI? How close to stock (bloat and usability wise) is it?
Yo its submarine pricing cause its below flagship price thanks I'll be here all week
Midrange Flagship !…
Coming from a music background, I call these phones "upper mids" (which is an eq reference)
If the note 10 is curved I might upgrade my note9 to s10e... Tired of the curved displays
1:15 900.000 dollars :D
Single hole punch out looks better than dual hole punch out on s10
I have been waiting for this review and it is the best phone review. You made me to like the s10e even more.
i didnt even notice baymax hiding the wallpaper until he talked about it
The only 2 drawbacks:
      - no under display fingerprint
      - The camera section is not black which makes it looks cheaper @6:10
Since when is 750 mid-range? I thought 200-300$ was premium mid-range
Never thought you would do a native advertising
Best budget phone of 2019 I can see it already
I'll buy this one, it's compact yet reliable
Here in Germany the Galaxy S10 and S10e are basically the same price on the second hand market. You can legit get a sealed, completly for about 20-30€ more than the Galaxy S10e costs on the second hand market. So at that point the S10 is a no brainer compared to the S10e. I think this is because of the preoder thing where a lot more people took the S10 with their contracts so they would get the Galaxy Buds aswell and now there are a lot of people trying to sell the S10's. You can easily snipe a Galaxy S10 for 700€ five days after it launched for 849€. Kinda crazy.
I think $750 should be called upper middle class lol
Hey what Theme are you using ?
Why no s10 review？
Watching on S10 plus. Hole punch doesnt bother me at alll
More like Ultra Midrange.
The reason I didnt consider the s10e is because the size so im gonna get the s10+
Why you didn’t say anything about worst processor than s10? Is that not important to people?
This phone is no comparable to the iPhone XR
Just paid ¥3999($600) for my Huawei Mate 20, I feel bad for the US consumers.
Ayyeeeeee I see that robot doing em nice shots
Premium entry
Still have my iPhone 5s. Still works great. I haven’t seen many people owning a Samsung for 5 years with no problems. If I’m paying $750 plus dollars on a phone it better last.
Low end flagship. Really it's just old flagship prices
Hey... Using this since launch in India. Amazing device. The camera is superb. Battery is a bit less. But then enjoying the phone every bit. Definitely a worthy buy. 👌🏽
I just want an s10e+. That would be the ultimate phone. Everything you need and no gimmicks that raise the price
It's budget flagships, definitely makes more sense to me that they're cheap flagships not expensive mid-range phones
750$ Looool
Great review as always
But I have a question for everyone
What the best "compact" (5", maybe 5.5" max ) phone out there?
Why not Zoidberg?
Better deal, plus extra variety of colors. Thanks for a great vid
I wish we had Sony Ericson in this era.
why not? beacause it has a hole in the screen?
and i dont like holes
The price point and size was enough for me.
900,000 dollars 😱😱😱😱😱🤣
like the content keep up the good work! can you do a review on the best sd card available for the galaxy s line. will any brand sufice?
Amazing, the quality and details on this review uhhhhh so dope... And the visuals ohhhhh gorgeous.
I was about to order this phone then I remember about its software update cycle.
Top tier range?
What about left handed people? 😅
Yeah... This is probably going to be what I upgrade to. I have no need for a larger phone. as my hands aren't getting any bigger.
f it costs more than ~$300 and lacks the integrated OS level capacity to eliminate the need to carry a laptop - which they easily could if they incorporated readily available technology - they answer is no.
Premium.
The best tech reviewer in the world!! Love you man, I just want to make videos in my channel just like you :)
Not Premium Midrange how about 'Sub Flagship' Does the 'e' mean economy??
The wallpaper's use of the camera cutout is pretty creative
This category is called :”just get this one”
1 like for that awesome wallpaper
Upgraded from an S9 to an S10e. I love it. I loved my S6 and it's like a souped of version of the S6. Same size, bigger screen. I love the flat screen and the smaller form factor.
Oh shit! MKBHD got a robot in the studio! 0:58  So sick
0:58 That camera-on-robot-arm shot though...
I really really like the infinity display and ultrasonic fingerprint reader though. I only have an S8+ but man do I love my infinity display and I'd love an in-screen fingerprint sensor.
I'm currently using the s9 and I'm  really thinking about getting this phone
I swear tech nerds bitch and complain about everything just shut up enjoy the goddamn phone
Budget Flagship
Entry level premium
So fucking practical I love it
Damn wallpaper 😍😍😍
Upper midrange
1:20 Upper middle class?
Damn I’m loving that wallpaper at 0:50
S10e is the s10 mini.
Still using a barely functional GS5... Pls send halp
Why not?
It's the S7 (which I'm holding in my hand) but with some adjustments, so it's a good phone
How is that capacitive  fingerprint scanner "way faster" than the ultrasonic?
Sub flagship
why the fk are phones getting so expensive?
Subflag tier
hope Sony will take a good look on this model
That wallpaper is perfect.
Great video Marques. For once the cheap phone is actually the best for non-power users. Its the one I would buy too (just not in pink ;p)
can i come to work with u
I feel like "flagships"" should be called what they are...Luxury
*_Coming from a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge 128GB + 128GB microSD, the S10e is definitely, absolutely the one I’ll be getting._*

My personal reasons:
1. Hate the curved edges.  Thank you for the flatscreen flagship.
2. More affordable price even if we can afford the more expensive models.
3. Don’t like in-display fingerprint sensor.  Though I wished they kept it on the back.

Other reasons:
4. HD is enough.
5. I can still live with a single camera (this has dual).

_Who else will be getting the S10e?  I just hope they have the higher capacity variant available here._
after some time when specially its price decreases  it is going to be very hard for Huawei and Oneplus  to beat this power packed little devil in that amount of money  to compete with
If got the s10e and does anyone have problems with the power button being wobbly?or battery drainage?
That wallpaper is genius
I’m not gonna lie, I watched that epic intro over 30 times.
Hey, just an FYI - the e in s10e means Essential.
I'm pretty sure it stands for "everyone" but idk.
E stands for eternity because Samsung takes forever to give you a new Android os update lol
If the s10e had a bigger battery and in-screen fingerprint sensor, I'd be willing to pay the same price as I did for my current s10 128gb. 2020 PLEASE SAMSUNG... SOME OF US HAVE SMALL HANDS BUT STILL WANT ALL THE FEATURES 😥
I'm getting this phone next week
The last line was so I got paid for this review to say exacly that ( this is the e for cheap but we cant say that,right but you can still say this is a galaxy s10; you did a good marketing work thou). it feels like samsung is paying youtubers, like  Unbox terapy switching to say that the dual screen phone from samsung looks interesting, is pretty obious that Huawai won the dual screen challenge. unfortuantelly they got a very unknown youtuber to check it out.
Anyone else out there who thinks that 5.8 inch Display is too small ._.
How is the battery performance?
I WANT OPINIONS ON THE NEW BUTTON-LESS AND ALL SCREEN FINGERPRINT READER VIVO APEX. PLEAAAAASE
Is it worth the upgrade from samsung s7?
5.8 screen is not small is just smaller. There's nothing weird about that, just because is the smallest of the 3 doesn't mean is small. If I'm 6"0 and u 6"3 I'm shorter but I'm not short.
Watching this with my oneplus 6t
6:37 The vibration made me check my phone XD
Ergonomically, i think the power/fingerprint sensor is ment to be used more with the left index finger for smaller hands rather than the thumb.
I see you’re putting that motorized precision robot to use lol 👀
Did he say $900,000? Lol.
i
P
h
O
n
e 

R
I got the biggest one in here no doubt
Your videos are fucking amazing!!!
0:57 “big 3” (names 4 things)
e for economy?
Why not? Because I just wanted the bigger phone. That's about it. I held each phone in the store and the S10/e both felt noticably less satisfying than the S10+, so I went with that.
E probably stands for entry
Man I love that background, it hides the camera in such a "Joyful way"
No 1440p on this video?
Sub-Flagship?
Note 9 or S10 e?????
Like for the robot.
Hows the battery? Been thinking of getting this as an upgrade for my lg g5.
"E" for essential
No its called premium. The $1000 segment didn't exist a couple years ago so its the one that should get a new name. Ultra premium.
The S10e stands for "evolution".
Not a word about battery?
Really wanted something different this year from another android but damn is it hard to try the iPhone now... 

I have been an android user for the past 6 years and I'm really getting bored of it but these phones are soooo good.

ARGGGHHHHHHH
3:48 💥 Boom
High midrange.
I think because of the functionality of the fingerprint reader, the flat screen, and the size, that the s10e is actually better than the s10 or s10+
Mine seems to have erratic battery life. I'll probably request for a replacement.
I'll probably never switch from ios, but if I ever did this would be the phone to get
I don't even care bout the phones anymore, I'm just here for pretty shots and cool cinematography 🤩👌
S10 essentials
Premium economy
$900,000!?!?!?!?       1:16 lol
Please do the s10
Don't need the curved display (actually had alot of issues with my s9 with that), I prefer a traditional finger print senor that works more reliably and quicker and, not sure about the teliphoto camera it was nice on my 7 plus but the quality was quite a bit worse, I'd probably use the wide angle for cool landscape shots. This is a better deal for sure then the other two
Can you unlock the phone with you left have by using your pointer finger. Or do you have to use thumb on your right hand. I mainly hold my phone with my left hand
It’s still premium, the new category should be called super premium
e is for essential
But the battery sucks on the S10e
Before you listen to this; I wanted to tell you, that you are beautiful and exceptional. Also your a phenomenal human being; I love you and I hope positive experiences will start happening in your life, if they haven't already. Keep moving forward my friend; start adopting positive and beneficial habits & behaviors. Eat healthy and treat yourself with kindness, in addition to others also. Fair well my friend; God Bless you 💖
Iphone xr vs 10e

10e wins
e = Economical
The S10e is probably the best value, but the S10 and S10+ are the cooler phones. Personally, I could do any of them and still be satisfied
i kinda wanna upgrade from op3t to s10e
people know that with samsung you dont have to reach for the top to swipe down for the notification panel right? just swipe down anywhere on the home screen and it will pull it down, think its a setting if its not already on.
The E stands for essentials
This level of hardware would typically be called upper-midrange, but I would argue it makes a new category just above that.  I would call it a budget flagship.
Mark ass
Still not better than the ipod
I've seen an S10 in person. AND EXCUSE ME WHAT THE FUCK SAMSUNG WHY IS THE POWER BUTTON SO HIGH UP
If this is how the future of phones is, I'm going back to a flip phone. Shit is ugly, asymmetrical serves no real purpose, and made face unlock worthless. Stupid trend for stupid people. Have fun using a phone that the screen is always touching your hand because there is nothing but screen to hold on to
To me, anything with the latest processor is a flagship. So this would be "low end flagship". The iPhone R is not a flagship.

Oh, and Essential already did the swipe fingerprint reader for notifications... But they did most things first.
Dude where are you getting these slick wallpapers from??? The wallpapers in your vids for phone always look slick
Damn you got enormous hand
I still don't get why reviewers are acting so amazed by fingerprint gestures. We've had them since a little before the Pixel 1 days.
I love this phone. It's small, it's Android, it's flagship, it has side mounted fingerprint reader, notchless, headphone jack... Damn Samsung.

Now only if I had the $$$
0:57 mind blown
Wait, is it just me or I don't have to "zoom to fill" on the video on my pixel 2 xl ? Did you change aspect ratio MKBHD?
I think Apple/Samsung should bring Marques in during the development process, and give them tips to perfect the phone, so we get an overall nicer phone.
Yea everyone get it and upgrade every year too
900,000$???
What's the difference between Marques Brownlee and MKBHD? 🤔
Watching on my black galaxy s10+
is the phone is small or you hand is huge ??
900..000 dollars
Why am i here when i already have the plus....
Anyone else hear him say 90k? Lololol obviously he didn't say it or mean, just hilarious, that's how they feel.
so $900,000 noice
Greatest wallpaper ever
The highrange price range.
S10 essential gives you the basicjust what you need.
Call it "FlagBOAT". Not quite the flagSHIP, but above midrange... Make it happaen Mark Ass, I'm counting on you!
It's like 5Ge. One step closer to Galaxy phone. 🤣
Could we have a video on your preproduction process? Do you use storyboards or shotlists? How do you decide what shots to take?
why not just get an s9 plus for aroubd 600 right now?
It's like 5Ge. One step closer to Galaxy phone. 🤣
Nah, $750 is still flagship. Apple created a more expensive tier above flagship and sadly Samsung decided to follow.
Hiding the camera in Baymax's eye is very clever.
No one is talking about the missing notification led on the S10... Thats something im pissed about...
The S10 lite, best than annoying curved displays.. but that chin and lefthanded usage meh.. iPhone XR all day.
that's not the phone for the "LEFT HANDERS"
Budget flagship? They're based off the flagships, so "flagship" should be included.
S10e stand for expensive
The fingerprint slide is from the Pixel 3 and it's definitely a cool feature
Wanted to get the S10e when it was announced, it was everything I wanted in my next phone. Sadly, Samsung's weird pricing in Australia for the S10e make it relatively less of a great deal than the s10 so I'm getting the s10 instead.
Sony Xperia 1 out there too(One of the most talked abt phone in 2019 MWC) why always review Samsung.
Greatest wallpaper I've ever seen on a phone.
So, why is this in 1080p?
If only Samsung can get their software and security updates on time.
How can you still not know what the e stands for, Jesus christ. Essentials. Its Essentials. Every other tech reviewer knows and says this, come on
The flagships do not cost $900,000! I think he meant to say they cost around $900 TO $1000.
Does the dual cameras have portrait mode?
How about Midship?
Damn, had to go back and watch that shot at 0:57 three times
I'd be interested in hearing the comparison with the one plus 6t since they are a little closer in price range
Better than the iPhone flagship!!Boom!!
I wouldn't get it just because I use my phone left handed and it looks like a struggle to reach that button. I wish they made a version with the power button on the left and volume/bixby buttons on the right.
Or wait until the note 10 comes out
Premium economy
Never buying a Samsung phone again, alter faulty s4 and s7. iPhones dont give me headaches
It’s highrange
The pink color is the best one, the white color that all the reviewers are using is a bore.
The "new" fingerprint gestures exist even on S8.
1:13 "Flagships are like... $900,000" Ain't that right
1:20  Flagshit
not midrange premium => but  premium economy
Am I the only one who prefers a back finger print sensor on any phone? I have a note nine. Before I had that I had an LG v20.
**points at screen cutout**  That's why not.
call it ... flagship lite
Check out r/s10wallpapers on Reddit for tons of wallpapers for the camera cutout
*Low-end* - You're paying for, at minimum, a functional device, everything else is secondary
*Mid-range* - You're paying for a device that is competent at the basics, and might have certain things it excels at, while retaining a moderate price
*High-end* - You're paying for a device that is an all-around capable device, not being weak in any particular way, with maybe some extra perks
*Premium* - No upper limit on price, with extra extravagant features that will make it stand out against the competition in some way. Some devices might be more extravagant than others, but their prices will increase in tandem.
*Flagship* - The device the manufacturer holds as their symbolic leading device, that shows off the best aspects of the company's ability at that current time, balanced in a single model, or model range.
Call $750 phones "semi-premium"
How long since you touched a Sony Phone? They not in the game? Forgotten?
10e camera is bad, not deal！👎
As cool as the shot at 0:57 was, I think it was executed so fast that you can see the frame shaking slightly so I'd recommend slowing down the shot to half speed (might need to double the shutter speed as well) to make it nice and steady before speeding the shot up again when editing.
How about calling this category of phone as "Subflagship"?
The E stands for economy lol!!!
The finger print reader is in a bias location .. What about left-handed ppl?
Im even a right-handed person and it hurts .. companies need to stop doing this .. we shall all be treated equal! (At what what point this gone too far lol) anyways u get the point!
I upgraded from an S8 to the S10e yesterday and I love it. It's definitely a powerful phone and the battery is surprisingly good
I really want this phone
01:13 yeah sure *$900,000* 😂
*Who else clicked on the video because of the wallpaper?*
I honestly forgot about the camera cutout because of that baymax wallpaper
THANK YOU
On eBay $650
Left hand user right here. Fingerprint reader sucks for me since i hold the phone with left hand ...
Nice!!!
E
‘High end’
"e" stands for economic
Or go and bye iphone X
Really Marques? Premium midrange? That would mean midrange specs with premium quality this is a flagship device with lower pricing... "budget flagship"makes much more sense to me. 

As for the device itself, specs are closer to iPhone Xs than Xr and the price is closer to Xr... A huge winner in my book.
That thing to get the top menu with finger print scanner was available already with Note8 and available with most midrange phones like a7
E for essential. According to Samsung
Kinda sad that they don’t sell it here :(
Holy shit, WOW that robo shot is awesome keep it going
well, whatever YOU consider to be flagship - the carriers consider the iphone xr a flagship just cheaper  up-front cost compared to xs and xs max, so why cant this be considered a flagship, with a cheaper up-front cost on contract? do you consider the iphone 8 a flagship if so then xr is a flagship by that logic. SO the s10e is flagship, it just wont be a number one option for someone who is getting subsidy on the device as they would aim for high-er spec'd flagship. BUT in markets not accessible to subsidies or to financed based carriers, the s10e is a great choice.
Its a business class phone
the flagships are $900 000 lmao
thanks. i'm interested in moving to android from an iphone 6s+. i won't buy a phone that omits a headphone jack and cannot believe that can kind idiocy has become apple standard for such expensive devices. anyway, if i watch a 16x9 video on my iphone 6s+ i get 5.5" where as due to the aspect ratio on the 10e 16x9 content would be circa 4.9" i believe. in fact s10+ would only give circa 5.5" for 16x9 footage but would be a bigger phone in my pocket than iphone 6s+. Are there more conventionally dimensioned android phones you recommend?
Do we really need repetitive videos about the galaxy phones. We know the more videos you make the more we watch and the more money you make. I personally would appreciate if you can just lower the amount of videos that talk about the same thing. 

Also on a more personal note... not hating... please please tell your barber to even out the top of your hair. Its always off. Maybe a new hairstyle? 

Best!
A Samsung area sales rep told me that the "e" stands for "everybody". It's a phone for everybody whether you have a lot of money or very little money.
One of the cool things about this owners it's a flag display how many people out there do not like that curved display that just reminds me of the Samsung Galaxy S7 you still have the wide-angle camera and still affordable so basically it's a lesser processor and a lesser amount of RAM but still is 6 gigs of RAM is still amazing on a smartphone
Looks like the old band aid colour
Sub-flag
My phone is $95. Why not?
I'm just wondering about the VR picture with an S10e.. since its a 1080p..
Apple's fans pissed off yet?🤔
"The cameras..."
OK
"... the fingerprint reader..."
hmm
"... the display..."
OOOOHH
"... the price..."
AWW

nice shots
Uses a Samsung to take a picture of a Mac, smh
Water drop notch is better then a hole on the screen
My main problem with the S10e, is that-knowing Samsung, they'll abandon support for it next year. While the rest of the S10s will be kept more up-to-date. It would make sense to get the S10e, but only if there was a way to know that Samsung will stand behind it.
All my guys are ballers

Like if you get the reference
Galaxy shits on any iPhone fact
That power button gesture is insanely useful. Been using the Pixel 2xl and having it on the back of the phone is just great.
Do a S10e vs Iphone Xs Video!
Does Marques makes his reviews of phone based on how much the company is paying him?
Great video Marques! Awesome little phone, I just wish the battery performed a tad better. I really just wish they made the screen plus 6 inches. 5.8 is feeling small now (I know it’s crazy to say!).
Budget < Mid range < High end < Flagship
Please insert headphone jack battery apple joke here: ___________
I feel in love with my Sony when I first got it but these S10's......man! Got me thinking of switching from my red brick of a phone lol the sony xz premium. Not for speed necessarily cause snap835 isn't slow by any means, the look & feel of these phones is what I like. And the front camera placement is very good
Where do u get these wallpapers ? ... 😂 big hero
OnePlus 6T or Samsung 10e?
Let's call it the Budget Flex Level.

Explanation:
People flex with flagship phones, not some mid-range phones. Since this is cheaper, it a budget flex phone.

Like so MKBHD can highlight
The wallpapers are perfect for these phones. Very smooth indeed
That intro!🔥
I remember when flagships were 750$ :^)
apple now an forever
1:12 the flagships are $900,000? God damn that's expensive
1. You need 6gb to run Android. Lol

2. Bezels are not evil, it gives a place to hold the phone. Not everyone buys a new phone every month
I like it but i rather have edge display
I just needed more storage, so i got the E with double the storage, so i dont need to erase grinder to download uber🙈🙈
I've had that swipe down gesture from the print reader on my Galaxy Note 8 since release lol
Samsung Galaxy Buds review next?
youre videos are getting longer for no reason really
WOW!!!!!!! you are a legend🔥🔥💥💥
They need a lefty version, i feel discriminated against
Can u do a vid on how cases would work on the phone because of the scanner like u did with the 10 and the screen protectors
That fingerprint scanner location + it being a button is just the best idea ever. Only the surface area being smaller, I wonder if it's less secure that way.
I love how he uses the robot to show the phone
The s9 had the notification bar fingerprint sensor thing
So Samsung doing an apple. Overcharging for a device. Seems their standard now
Just call the range "premium". That's all. Then we'll have:
budget
midrange
premium
flagship
$750 is a damn flagship price and I won't hear otherwise.
Why not? Because you can get a previous Gen galaxy phone and save money.
I could totally see myself using the fingerprint sensor to use drop down the Notification Center. Way easier than reaching all the way to the top of the screen. It’s the little things fr
Why am I watching this I have a s10+
Yo, marques caught me off guard at 0:58 , I wasn’t expecting this. Turning up the production 👍🏽👍🏽
1:05 My vote is "affordable" I find that to be best for between "budget" and "mid-range."
Mid-Ship
Nine hundred thousand dollars! ? For that kinda money it better be a a flagship! :)
Thanks for making content that fits the new 18.5:9 aspect ratio. Much more enjoyable to watch!
i just bought a galaxy s7 gold international version duos sim and the exynos chip and it is super fast wow awesome love this phone alot this phone is better stronger faster
The Samsung Galaxy S10e is a proper *_flagship._*  The _regular_ S10 and S10+ are *super premium flagships.*
For the same money I can buy Huawei Mate 20 X. With 7.2 inches display, great triple camera and 5000 mAh battery. I must be crazy to choose Galaxy S10a.
When's prime picks episode 3 coming ? I mean you still have the laptop,  TV aaaand....o.k yeah, i see why It's not that interesting to talk about those things, compared to like the newer stuff you talk about 😂
@Marques The word or words you were looking for are premium-economy.
Well I feel ripped off I thought I got a flag ship phone but my phone only cost 900$ not 900,000$! Lol. 1:30
Great vid now I know that I know why not to waste way to much money... time to get a summer job :/
Please review a sony phone.. PLEASE
Anyone else feel they were stupid for removing iris scanner..its not as fast..but a lot more secure than the face unlock and really useful in some cases
The whole fingerprint gestures feature on this device is great to see. It's one of my favorite things about the Pixel lineup. I use it countless times every day!
so this is the one will smith calls mark ass brownie?
Just a quick question...I am currently in the position to upgrade my phone. I can get the Samsung Galaxy s9+ or the IPhone XR for about $200. Please let me know which would be a better pick (I am currently on the Samsung Galaxy A5 2017...so either phone is an upgrade for me). All suggestions are greatly appreciated!
The small size of this phone and the wide angle camera were the only two reasons I needed to switch from the pixel 2 xl. The IP rating was another big reason and the good old headphone jack.
So, I went out and purchased the Samsung Galaxy S10e on the very first day it was released. I've now had the phone for four days and I can tell you this is an incredible piece of hardware. 

You don't notice a difference in the quality of display and this is coming from somebody who was using the iPhone X. Unfortunately, depending on the case you are using, the fingerprint scanner will be difficult to access. Luckily, the face recognition is fast and snappy. 

The form factor of the phone feels exactly the same as the iPhone X or iPhone XS. Anybody coming from those devices and debating on this one will happily enjoy holding this phone in their hands. It feels incredibly familiar.

The only downfall to this device is the front facing camera which every reviewer seems to keep forgetting to mention. It is lackluster and takes dull photos unless you are in perfect lighting. So if you love your selifes, this phone isn't for you. Luckily, I don't give a shit about them 😂
The ''e'' stand for (economic) Samsung Galaxy poor man version 😂😂😂😂
The wallpapers that creatively hide the holepunch camera are so damn clever.
This is a "Midship" phone
That intro with yellow letters was bad.
Call it: Flagship lite
🤷🏽‍♂️😅
$750 name : pre-premium
900 000 $
'e' stands for ESSENTIAL 🙌🏼
Better than the SUPER UGLY PIXEL 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮
"E" stands for "essential"
I've been using apple phone my whole life, but I don't have any other apple products. Should I go s10e or iphone xr?
the ‘e’ stands for Elon Musk
These are shitty phones clogged up with unwanted Samsung bloatware that you can’t erase, and “extra storage “ that only stores extra pics and videos. Android phones such.
Great
Even for same price, i would still choose 10e over 10
I figured the "e" stood for economy...another great vid
The S10e has been so severely underrated! Even in the battery department, Samsung has stepped this bad boy up to compete long term! 💪🏽
3 things to consider as the S10e missing this things:
1. UFS 3.0
2. 5G
3. 120hz screen maybe (would be awesome especially on OLED)
750$ are not for a premium midrange phone, but they are for a flagship one (Do you remember htc days? Every flagship was under 700$). Prices in the last years have grown a lot , but every phone, every one, over 500$ IS a flagship.
Oof. 900 thousand
Is s9+ to s10e a good decision? Or should I go to an s10
The camera work on 0:57 is 🔥🔥🔥
Folks who have issues that's "900, thousand dollars"
Watching this on my S10+ 😋
IMHO, once the price will drop to about 600-650$/€ in few months (as always with samsung phones) this will be a killer deal. It might actually be a quite hard for a company like 1+ to bring something more competing in that price range with the 1+ 7.
💯 0:58 EYEGASM
You need to consider that some people don't like how small the s10e is. I wish I could use a phone that small and save $250, but after using the s8+ for 2 years it would feel wrong
The aspect ratio of your videos is so nice to look at. I‘m looking forward to it every time a video comes out.
*E*
Just give me more battery and this would be a home run! Smaller battery that the S7 edge...
Link your background !!!!
As a mobile videographer am I good with the s10e battery or go with the s10e for bigger battery?
Early? Like if under 100k
I wasn't sold until I saw the big hero 6 wallpaper using the camera for an eye
Two words....no notch
High tier
E = Entry level.
those who are from other brand like iphone who wanna buy samsung Galaxy  but are skeptic can buy the E so that the culture shock won't eat them alive.
Actually, it’s e because 10 is X in roman so it spells SX e.
Nine houndred thousand dollar phone 😳
I think it's 'Entry Level' like it's an entry into the brand's flagship lineup
I have enough to get any of them. Do i go for the s10e s10 or s10+?
Definitely not flagship price more moderate mid range not going to make you completely broke buying S10e
budget flagship? Also 'E' stands for Essential? My best guess.
That wallpaper tho 😊
That Baymax background is fire.

SwiftKey lacks a fire emoji. The few times I try to use one.
Just call it a Big-box smartphone
I am very sad I got black and not white or flamingo pink :(
It means entry level
1:20 the Buick of smartphones. Not a Chevy, but not a Cadillac. I like cars.
MKBHD should be a prof. tumbs up if you agree
Daaaaaaaaaa la rewind time :v
Where did you get that wallpaper?
It is far better than the S10 and S10+.
I would say it’s the premium midrange phone.
Idk whether I want to get the pixel 3 or this, due to the differences in software
Are you gunna do a review of the galaxy buds?
I would call this a "Premium phone". Get rid of the "mid-range" moniker because that word does not belong in a phone that starts at $750. Also the XR gets you 5+ years of day one Apple software updates. This will get you about 1 Android software update 5-6 months late, and a second software update another 6-7 months late. Yeahhhh.
is there a performace difference I don't really care about the features I love galaxy phoens for the power so thta's why I  got the s10 instead of the e but sur elook it this be grand.
900 thousand dollars?????
Beaking news :  Ronaldo raped atletico brutally
Omg, that's a clever screen saver on that thumbnail picture of the vid.
mark ass brownie
Midshippppppppp
The intro was some 'Guardians of the Galaxy' type shit!!😻
The S10e is actually significantly cheaper than the XR here, around $660 whereas the Xr cost around $880 here in Malaysia
Midship!
Haven't been this excited for a phone in ages. This phone literally checks all the boxes for me, and I'm quite picky when it comes to phones... 🤓

Thanks for this review, Marques.. I just don't understand how the quality STILL keeps on getting better, keep it up dude! 🔥👌

brb gonna spend $750 now 😁💸
Budget flagship? Flagship for the Poors. 😂😂
The swipe on the fingerprint reader thing is on the S9 too, dead handy. In fact since the 1UI update I've decided to keep the S9 for now.
SubPrime
Is it wierd that I'm watching  this on 10e
I WANT THAT WALLPAPER
Great video Markass Brownlee





You can stop spamming comments that it’s unoriginal.
When companies say "budget" i think they mean (premium) budget
Calling 750$ "high midrange"...I love the time we are living in...!
I'm really enjoying my s10e! It's a great phone.
I thought there was no front facing camera for a second
I Work with Samsung Sweden and the e stands for essential! :)
S10e is on sale for $650 at Best Buy for the Unlocked version.
Funny how the hole punch went from possibly distracting to tricked out with the right wall papers..... oh those with no imagination did wail and groan!!

That said, the S10e seems like it is firmly in role of trying to get people happy with high end budget phones (300 to 500 range) to tick up a bit to get your "premium midrange" (which was flagship 5 years ago) phone range. 

That said I'm not persuaded...with each new phone generation the remaining issues I've had with smart phones get cut away....with my current 3 year old Motorola G5 plus I have only two real gripes. a) slow down when too many apps are running (2 gigs of ram is absurd). b) slightly slightly slow camera. 

I plan on upgrading to the G7 now that it is out and likely will opt for the G7 Play which remains in the sub 6" size that is optimal for my hands and will likely use that phone until it's dead or I am. This is a trend that will continue across the market as people purchase their optimal phones and then extend their replacement windows dramatically between new phones.
S9 and s9plus also have gestures with fingerprint reader
Nice wallpaper..
agh, that's hot.
they have had the swipe on fingerprint sensor for notifications since the s8. It just was never used bc the scanner wasn't exactly conveinient
I love the pink color. I lost my phone while I was skiing today and was able to find it because of the vibrant color
You’re videos are terrible!! My grand daddy could do a better job jit!!
The camera work at 0:57 seconds in was amazing.  Great quality content
That wallpaper makes it so clean
Take notes Apple
I honk I like that phone. Note 8 atm.
That wallpaper is perfect
its not flagship phone, its just a ship phone
Why Not Not?
For how long do you expect android updates for this phone?
Stands for Essential
1:15 Nine hundred thousand dollars 😂
By the way the video super cool keepup the good work
Been waiting for this review, and I'm sold Metro is selling it so I'm upgrading soon!
E? Just like iphone s"e" haha
in Malaysia the price around $660... within Oneplus 6T price.
"flagship lite"
I think it should be mid range, then flagship ($750), then premium flagships ($900-$1K)
IDK why 1+ didn't keep the scrolling function on their fingerprint sensor from the 5t on the 6 and 6t
fans like here
Dude do a review on one of those nokia smartphones
apple wishes they made the cam hole for the sick wallpapers lol
With the OnePlus 5t you can use the fingerprint sensor to access notifications too...
0:57 "so the 3 [main differences] are..." Proceeds to name 4 difference 😂
Samsung step up the game
trust me the battery life on this phone is awful.
South paw here but I do pretty much everything right handed lol
Wow this cool
Just name it "Entry Level Flagship"
Finallllly
The e stands for Ergonomic. Its much smaller which fits better in the hand and it has a flat design which also makes it easier to hold. IK IM RIGHTTT
*E*
It's call a ButtRange
I see what you did there with that wallpaper a good use of wallpaper to blend in together with that hole punch camera 👍🏻
Why not a samsung galaxy? did everyone just forget about the Note 7? the fact that people still keep buying new Galaxy phones is just proof that society wants Idiocracy to be a documentary, instead of a work of **satire**.
E stands for essential so I've heard
I suggest: scuffed flagship
Can I please get some likes??
Please?
$900,000 for flagships sheesh!
Peasant Premium sounds like a good name for the price range!
That robo can shot tho. Absolutely nailed it Marques. Never actually looked at 5 seconds of vid this much.
Was already strongly considering this as an upgrade to my Note 8 later this year as I am fed up with a curved screen. I think this review helped to cement that decision.
How about Half-Mast? going off the Flagship term. Or Mid-hinge going with the statistical basis of midrange?
Currently watching this on my S10 with the same wallpaper.
Excellent review Marques. Thanks.
3:48
IDK what to praise more, Samsung's screen or mkbhd's video skills
Dude the robot gets me every time
I would go with Flagship light.
E ！ ！ ！ ！
i see them shots, MARK-AZZ brownlee. i see them. well done sir. and you keep picking THE BEST background pics for these phones.
I was thinking about getting this device, but the 1080p screen would be a downgrade from my s7 edge!
I have seen a lot of people say s10+ or s10e are the way to go.. I personally don't get that.. I am glad I went with the middle option. All 3 are an upgrade from my iPhone 6s+ though 😆
Imagine if the Samsung galaxy line was stock android. I would literally buy one instantly.
Watching this on my S10e
1:01 Go robot arm Go!
the wallpaper is fucking sick dude
Actual sot?
This is a $500 dollars phone not $750 one plus give more for $569
0:47 - Damn that wallpaper
that color is sweet
Nice use of tha robot camera arm thing in this vid
OnePlus 7 is much much better, than overpriced Samsung phones. Samsung is not worth it’s price
HOW MUCH MONEY  DOES SAMSUNG PAY THIS GUY
i'm coming from insta
Watching a galaxy s10e review on a galaxy s10+ 🤔
It looks coral on my phone not really pink
Remember when a 5" screen was huge...
Left-handers gets screwed once again
Its a underhigh mid premium range phne obvs
I LOVE THE WALLPAPER WITH THE FLAMINGO PINK BACK
The 2x2midrange
A budget (S10e ->economic) flagship.
Entry Level Premium
Playing with colours... that's something movie directors should learn from you....
That wallpaper is dope
I think you missed the heart rate sensor which is not present in the s10e but it is in the s10 and s10plus.
Does this mean the fingerprint scanner best works with the right thumb only ? Because the scanner is located on the almost top right side.
Help I’m still stuck with an iPhone 5s lmao
They didn't need this at all. No one is gonna buy this
Still a flagship. Anything above 800 should be called a luxury phone
I love what they’ve done with the power button and using it to swipe notifications.. but they should go a step further in a software update and have an option to use the power button as a scroller for things like Instagram, Twitter and general internet usage. Would be so cool.
So smooth 1:00
I suggest we call that price range “poser.”
A $700 phone is now considered "midrange".? Three years ago reviewers would be calling this a flagship beast. My have things changed.
Cracking open an 🅴 with the bois
am I the only one who remembers when the GS8 had fingerprint sensor gestures???
Watching this on my 85 dollar Nokia 2
Loving the dynamic shots! This is why I keep coming back to watch your videos. You could honestly review a pencil and I'd watch it.
the s10e would be the perfect phone for me if it had a bigger battery.. i need a big battery but im  not sure if the bigger batterys in the s10(+) are worth the extra 150-250€
Maybe Economy or Economic?
'e' might stand for essential. As in the essential parts required to qualify a Samsung phone to be an S10. Because you might not need some of the features of the original and plus versions
Ee
I have the S10 but the S10e is also a fantastic option. Great review.
S Tier - 1000$+ (Xs, S10)
A+ Tier - 750$+ (Xr, S10e)
A Tier - 500$+ (OnePlus)
B Tier - 250$+ (Motorola G, Poco)
C Tier - 100$+ 
D Tier - 0$+
Entry level flagship?
Come subscribe to my channel for real it's great I listen to my subs because I'm small obviously lol and I make games from console to phones whatever y'all want
On our first look, they told us that the "e" stands for "essential"
Can it play Fortnite?
The fingerprint gestures literally is a thing since the 2016 Pixels but suddenly we lose our minds when Samsung ports it over to their cheapest flagship?

Okay…
But like pixel 3, we have to wait like 6 months to really know how really work the phone...
Can you rent your amazing camera to PewDiePie ? I cant stand his camera quality !
I am just here to remind you all that the Galaxy Maga at once had a 5.8 inch display.
Doesn't the S10e only have a 1080p screen?
Finally a phone I can use in one hand
0:57 Your welcome!
iPhone user but tbh would get
1:15 900,000 dollars?? HOOOLLY CHRIST! How many years did I sleep?
1:13 "flagships are like $900,000". Whoa they've gone up since I last checked.
That wallpaper though🔥
"Galaxy 10e is probably the one most people should get", however its the Galaxy 10plus most people actually get :D 
Despite the $1000 price tag, it has been the most popular version of s10 !!!
I thought Samsung announced that ALL of their S10s, included the e, would come with 8gb of ram?
Premium midrange. Has a nice ring to it
Baymax attacc
Baymax protecc
But most importantly...


Baymax he thicc
Who thinks it will win the mkbhd's compact phone of the year..
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Samsung should make the Galaxy S10 active
I wish there is a S10e Google Edition...
Stop doing phone reviews with an Apple watch that's so disrespectful. You can do better!!
That camera work at the start of the video using the robot arm did not go unnoticed, very nice
S10e is MILES better than the XR if so many ways. Why are you underselling that MB. Apple paying you $$$?
Gonna be honest, not a big fan of the fingerprint reader on my s10.. when my fingers are dry RIP
اين انتم يا عرب 💪⁦❤️⁩😍
"The main 3 differences are...." he says as he names 4 differences
Nobody "needs" the ultrasonic fingerprint reader or the infinity display.
Some might need the 3rd camera and the bigger screen can also justify buying the bigger phone.
Personally I think the ultrasonic sensor and the curve display are actually a downgrade, there just fancy tech that makes the device "cooler" but makes the user experience worse, which is a bad trade imo. I would buy the s10e over the s10 even if they were at the same price (but that's also because I prefer smaller phones)
I got it cause I wanted something great but minimalistic. It's a great feeling carrying something compact that you forget about it but when you need stuff done, BAM! it's all there.
Flagships are over 9000!!
economy class xD
No, the OnePlus 6T occupies the "premium midrange," this is "entry flagship"
Cool review. Cool wallpaper
Upper-mid range.
just_give_me_what_you_got_range
meh...
In the words of Flossy we will call the price range “Too got damn high” 

Still a great phone.
@1:16 flagships are worth $900 000 ? I don’t want to live on this planet anymore
that wallpaper hide the puncHOE very well
1:14 "the flagships are like $900,000" - no one else??
S10e display is fhd+ vs the qhd+ on s10 and s10+
You can buy one right now for $650 on best buy.
Can we please acknowledge that 650$ used to be ceiling for flagship price? 750$ phone -> Flagship. Twist it or turn it, it still is. Insane how we have been tricked into higher price brackets.
I would call it budget premium
It's not a Flagship.. It's not a Mid-Range.. it's Semi-Flagship  xD

At least it comes with solid features, I would pick this over OnPlus 6T just for Wireless Charging + Headphone Jack
0:50  That wallpaper is legendary.
The price point of this kind of phone should be called "old school flagship"
Can we just appreciate the colours at 3:47, attention to detail is insane!
So i got my s10e 5 days ago and this is how i feel
1)Premium feel. I got the prism blue color and it looks FANTASTIC. The shine under light just looks so good and expensive
2)Speed. This phone is really fast (of course having the newest snapdragon 855). Its really snappy and really responsive.
3)Multitasking. I just found this out but when i was watching a youtube video i could actually drag the youtube video out of youtube and play a game while still watching in a little box or text at the same time!
4)Camera. Amazing camera. Loads of options like super slow mode and the shots just look clean.
5)Gaming. Gaming works like a charm. Don't even worry about it. Mostly play Brawl Stars if i do play and it works so fast
6)Button Placement. The fingerprint reader that also works like a power button is a really good mechanic. You will have NO PROBLEM getting that power button. I have no problem getting it and it is extremely responsive.
7)Battery. Battery is mehhhhh. I mean it lasts a whole day but barely and i keep my brightness at around medium (with battery saving mode you should be good)
8)Display. Epic display. Holepunch isn't noticeable at all now. I quite like it tho because it distinguishes this phone from the others so you can flex on them bois
Overall Verdict: This really is a bang for your buck. On almost all the carriers you can get like a buy one and get one free deal so don't wait on this phone. Overall a super good phone for the price
Love the robotic arm part. I would call it a quarter phone, cause it's a quarter of a thousand dollars cheaper than the flagships
How does this phone compare to Note 9? 

I always make upgrades so if the phone is basically the same, then I'll most likely get the S10 plus. 

But saving money is nice.
Who else gets annoyed by that little camera spot on it. Idk why but it drives me crazy, they could’ve at least put it in the middle
Make it have a year older chip and 100 dollars cheaper... That would be a deal
That wallpaper makes so much sense...wow
Ugh taxes always kills good price. :( 880$ here.
I feel like if we start calling $750 smartphones premium midrange that we are allowing the companies to continue with these ever so increasing prices on smartphones.
0:58 you didnt have to flex on us like that
More of an overview than a review tbh
Honestly if samsung placed it at 350 400 dollar price point it would have cannibalised that market
You forgot about the heart rate monitor and no one talks about the notification LEDs!
Such a top notch phone review ❤❤❤
00:57 how u do dis
So normal galaxy s10 has fingerprint scanner that is worse than cheaper version and faceid that is joke (you can unlock it using video), what a joke
Midship lol above Midrange below Flagship
Just when I think your videos can't possibly get any better you go  and do this. And totally prove me wrong.
Sad there isn't the night mode on the camera, like Pixels and Huawei.
What a great background to hide the camera
At 0:56 you say "big 3" but mention 4
I've decided to get this phone now instead of the S10.
The phone is too cute not to buy.
Sub-Flagship? Dunno wtf these hybrids are but they’re a good deal for people who want a higher end phone from a big manufacturer but don’t wanna be paying £1000+
3:47 some already have what?
its price range is Upper-Middle-Class
0:58 damn those transitions are clean af 🔥🔥
1.15 900,000 dollers?
MAKE IT SMALLER !!!!
135 x 67 x 8 mm
DO IT
The finger print reader swipe down has been a thing since the s8
how is the battery life ?
1:15 900,000 thousand dollars ?!!!!!
Economy?
This is basically the true s10 compared to the s9. In features and price. In Canada the "S10" is an eye watering $1400. And the S10e is still more expensive then the S9 was. It's amazing how marketing makes the the cheaper alternative, when it's a similar price to last year's flagship. This year I officially say "Nope" to prices. My phone is fast enough, and I have a wonderful small travel camera I take everywhere.
Why this video is not available in 4k? Only showing up to 1080p ..? hurts my eyes ..
Make a review on the Xperia 1
I would call it a Premium Economy Phone..
You keep outdoing these wallpapers
I will tell you why not because you're already spending $700 and you could have bought anything else for a couple hundred more you can get a real phone with all the features this is better than the iPhone 10r but it isn't good for regular people maybe women or maybe for travel but not for an actual decision between all the choices Samsung gives you so that's why not obviously come on your cell phone reviewer give me a break
This is my next phone in a couple years. Rockin the S8 right now
The E in the s10e Stands for Essential.Since it has almost all the essentials from his bigger brothers i.e. s10 and plus
e stands for "poor peasants who can't afford the really flagship".







Like me
0:57

NUT
phones are like presidents.. you pick one for 4 years and when you get tire of their shit you pick the other one only to find out its the same thing just different logo
Entry level flagship
simply call the $750 range "near premium"
e stands for essential
Awesome review. Loved the small touches.
The s10e flamingo pink is my favorite one out of all the s10s
Lemme know when u done with it 😉
Plz...
I do enjoy my S9+ fingerprint scanner for dragging my finger down it to look at notifications/settings fast. But I'm gonna be pretty happy when my S10+ ceramic edition comes in.
That camera hole is low key baymax eyes lol idk.. didnt even notice it at the first
I personally think that it’s Samsung’s answer to Reachability
My galaxy s8 has that swipe feature
Want oneeeeeee!!!❤️❤️❤️ giveeee meeee one😭😭😭
oO so we officially admit right now that $750, the price that almost-flagships used to carry like 2-3 years ago is now officially midrange? No wonder people don't upgrade their phones as frequently as the companies would love them to.
God, that mechanical futurelike arm gives the dopest shots
thats a sexy shot man 3:50
this video is so good i just want to watch it again thank u marques
So... Faster fingerprint reader, half punch display size, more colors and cheaper?
Am not a apple fan at all , never even used any apple product . But lets face it . Over time the xr will hold its value than the s10e . Lets say 3 years later . 10r will have the latest ios  update  which will make it faster but we cant say the same for 10e .. but for now the s10e knocks the 10r out
Flagship lite
1:03 Premium Economy
Great Review bro and that robot shot at 1:00🤤 but again, why 1080p?
I might get this instead of the flagship version.Too broke lol.
You got jokes 1:15
1:27 A pan....why?
Why not the S10e? It’s a better deal than the iPhone - right?! Well, not exactly. Whereas the iPhone XR is almost garnisheed to at least 4 years of full feature updates (actual updates) and will remain secure even following its final update due to iOS’ inherent closed system, the S10e will not. Sure you can get the same term use out of it, but the actual experience is likely to be significantly degraded. You get what’s on the box and that’s it. While the S10e has a better box, I’d say the Xr has better things inside down the road. This comes purely from my personal experience as well as the viewpoints of 2 of my friends currently using Samsung phones, 1 of which already hugely regrets his purchase of a note 9, and I quote - my iPhone 4 was less laggy around the UI than one UI on the Note 9. I’ve tried it really is terrible and lags badly, not to mention poor software support. This should improve mind.
$900,000 damn. Don't get any ideas Apple.
01:20 maybe mid-high? 😂
Who else can't stand the curved displays? It's gimmicky and I'd much rather have a flat screen when watching YouTube on my phone.
Will buy it in 2 years time
Yup,...I'm getting this.  Yup.
9 hundred thousand dollars? 🧐
New resolution format? Black space top and bottom on 1080p and Right and left on Widescreen Monitor.
Is it gonna be good for 2 years of use?
S10e is for those who want a compact phone with best specifications.
Budget flagship. That’s it.
🙄🙄🙄 it's over - 1:14 sounds about right! 🤣🤣🤣
I don’t see myself using the headphone jack anymore.. haven’t done for the last two years 🤷🏽‍♂️
That fking wallpaper holy sht is perfect
Battery for S10+ was my reason for bigger phone this time. I don't see many talking about this, but coming from Note 8, this phone is so much lighter in my hand. Really happy with it overall
But damn it looks so good...
Where can you find the best tech reviews on YouTube? Right here!
Will you review Xiaomi mi 9?
Did you get the robotic arm camera??!!!!?!?!!!
‘Below the like button’😂🔥🔥🔥 nicceeeeeee
Midange Plus
Totally worth it.
I like the size of it
Got the Samsung 10e and so far, it's the best phone I've ever had and definitely my favorite. No stupid curved screen, I like the finger print reader on the side, and I didn't need the telephoto lens.
1:12 Flagships 900 000 dollars!!
Or free earbuds which you don't get for the s10e
man your videos are nice but pls hire a hand model... you we're not blessed in that area.
Samsung has confirmed that the "e" stands for "essentials"
It has flagship specs so it is a flagship phone.
How many elaborate wallpapers can hide the S10 notch?
The guy that made That background is a genius
DUDE that snapping robot camera move. Daaaaaamn
Midship
$900,000 is a lot for a phone 🤔😏
E for Essential
Nice.
I'm thinking in terms of cameras for this price category just call it a prosumer model.
Midrange premium
it is the best value now, but is it the best value for later on? for example, i have kept my phones for 3 years each, is the s10e gonna last me that long?
e = evolution 🤔💭
E for "Essential"..
Wallpaper is good, camera is not visible because of wallpaper👍🏻
Damn great phone looks the same as Galaxy s7 but much better !!!! love it
Buremium?
*Watching this on my S1 highly recommend it.*
I would call 750 dollars "lower flagship" price
I'll tell you why not S10e, those buds that come with s10/s10+ preorder automatically add 140$ value to the phone and you end up with better phone as well. Folks that want to buy phone now after preorder period might see s10e as a better option.
Those camera moves get me every single time, well done sir, well done (0:57)
the e in S10e means excellence, S10 excellence
That wall paper though
Only 1080p max video quality?
Probably going to get it when it drops to $600
Def Upper Mid Range device
I never understood why it seems like everyone never realised that the fingerprint sensor notification gesture has been on the galaxy s phones since the s8?
i prefer the 10e to the s10 . i like the flat display instead of the curved sides of the regular s10.  i wonder if the s10e will ,make mid ranged phones cheaper. It might even kill the sales of other flagship phones .
We could call it economy level or comfort level
Midrange + Premium: Midium.
Battery?
I have 1 year left on my s9 so I'll be sticking to that
E=economy *cheaper* ... didnt know it was that hard to understand
Pre mid
The flagships are like $900,000 dollars! haha!
e stand for eatmydustApple
i never had any new flagship phone :/
For me this one is the standard Galaxy.
Did everyone forgot that the bigger and curved one was the extra?
WHERE IS THAT SUSHI FROM???????
Amazing video as always Marques!
Man, I love your videos
"Rock your phone naked.  I mean your phone naked not you naked"
Not too long ago $750 was flagship territory 😥
On s10 or s10+, you can download an edge panel which can lock your phone without using lock button, also in home screen settings, turn on quick notification panel, this will allow you to pull down notification without reaching too high. All that being said, s10e is awesome too
It's 5:17am here...
watching a phone review which i can't even buy.
The 'e' officially stands for Essential.
*Camera robot action*
1080p? Ha you plebian
s10e , iPhone XR : high-end smartphone.
s10+, iPhone Xs :  Luxury smartphone.
Did the video start stuttering near the end for anyone else? It wasn't lag cause the video was done buffering for me.
the s10 e and s10 sound nice but i think i might hold out for the Oneplus 7
For the price of a galaxy s9 today you would have to be silly to choose the s10e over the s9...
did he say 900-1000 dollars or 900k?
Watching on s10 boi
0:57🔥
Post midrange
Why not u ask?, cuz its fucking useless and we can better phone at those prices,also please stop being biased af,get real
They should be called the Flagship lite.
price is midship range.
The best thing is the wallpaper ❤
The "e" in the S10e is supposed to mean "essential." Reason as to why no capital letter? Because it isn't necessary. A lowercase "e" is essential.     :D
Budget flagship
It stands for essientials
I rather sacrifice the front camera for that ugly hole puncher notch.
Another omission is the heartrate sensor
Great video, very honest
1:56 if only Samsung actually dished out software updates 😂
Will you make a review video for the new Sony Xperia 1, and if not, why are you so biased?
The phrase you want for this tier of phone is ‘sub-premium’

You’re welcome.
I thought it was official that the "e" was for "essential"
What do you mean why not!? Ofc not...for that money you can buy 2 Great phones!!!
please a video for a folds smartphone and the perspective in the future
this makes the s10 look so overpriced compared to this
Its everything the Xr should have been... nuff said
Someone have the link for order the S10e pink ?
the fingerprint reader pad to pull the notifications down is also in the S8
I think 4GB of RAM is mid-range territory. Like for a $200-400 phone I would be fine with 4GB but any less and I'd definitely be iffy about it.
"6 gigs of ram still okay"

.... Okay, here i am with *3 gigs phone from 2014*
I think the “e” stands for economy.
E = essential

But some other manufacturers use it for ‘economic’

But Samsun has constantly had their devices with an e in their title stand for essential
Hi
Call them standard flagship phones. They still have premium features that most people care about at the cost of what premium phones used to be at.
Marques!, shutting down pornhub everytime he drops a video
Is the S10e better upgrade for my s7 than the 6T
Can’t agree more !
I’m going to deport Marques
Why not?






Same display rez as the s5
Camera hole
No optimization 
Android (eww)
No Samsung edge
Bad colors
Size
Price
Same display rez as the s5
Camera hole
No optimization 
Android (eww)
No Samsung edge
Bad colors
Size
Price
Same display rez as the s5
Camera hole
No optimization 
Android (eww)
No Samsung edge
Bad colors
Size
Price
Same display rez as the s5
Camera hole
No optimization 
Android (eww)
No Samsung edge
Bad colors
Size
Price
Same display rez as the s5
Camera hole
No optimization 
Android (eww)
No Samsung edge
Bad colors
Size
Price
Same display rez as the s5
Camera hole
No optimization 
Android (eww)
No Samsung edge
Bad colors
Size
Price
I have a S9+ and a 6s. I guess I'll get the S10. Just really want it for speed and for the new charging.
Awesome phone, except your updates to Android already stopped 40 years ago and your phone dropped 70% in value just because you bought it. I really want to switch from Apple to Android but why don't they keep updates going for at least 4 years?
my problem with samsung (I own a S8) is the lock screen. After OneUI update, when I click the power button I have to then click a little icon in the top left of the screen to see the notifications text. Also, you cannot double tap the screen to wake it up like in LG or sony for example. You have the option of pushing a little harder on the home button, but it doesn't show the lock screen, it brings up the unlock pattern input. How do you use lockscreen on S10e if the fingerprint sensor is in the power button?
Hate the two hole punches on this phone
Apple 3 years later “This is a revolutionary hole punch design”
S10E > iPhone XR there I SAID IT.
$150 for 0.3" extra display real state,2Gb of Ram, a Tele lens and a cool in display fingerprint sensor and additional 300mAh battery(might not translate into better battery life of course) isn't a bad deal! i'd say they offer a really close bang to buck value tbh.
"So the big three are..."


Lists 4 items


Me: Wait. That's illegal
Think of getting the s10e..
"Entry Flagship" is a good term I think.
0:57.... The big THREE are actually FOUR!!!
i love how this phone looks like! really smooth , too bad i cant afford it lol
I didn't enjoy MKBHds intro music ......the world is coming to an end
e for economical
1:30 Why on earth they didn't black out the area around the cameras in the S10e? It looks so much better and more elegant in the S10, along with slightly less rounded corners.
FPS is way too high indeed. Way too high. Uncomfortably high.
3:24 You don't need to reach to the top, you can just swipe down on the home screen, there's an option for that.
Not a good review, MK..!! I love your videos usually. But this wasn't as detailed as maybe i was expecting.
Great one!
I remember when premium mid-range was $500-600
you went savage with the MIA there 😱
💕💕 u ma nigga
MKBHD: "The flagships are around $900,000..."


LOL
e stands for essential because is has all essential features (like a headphone jack)
I wished I thumbs upd faster!!!
THIS IS STILL A HIGH END PHONE, don't put stupid branding that this is anywhere near a mid range device or high mid range, it's not.
Is your middle name "Kearny"?
Dat Baymax Wallpaper 👌
Midrange premium ❌
Midium rangium premium ✔️
I bet this phone would be harder to drop and smash because it's smaller so it won't slip out of your hand and the screen doesn't go around the edge so if it hits the ground you have less likelihood of cracking the screen. That's my hypothesis.
Bre! He's always playing with the backdrop and the hole punch! Lol. I love it!
What about battery life? Can it compete with the S10 Plus?
I loved that video you did around the phone with the robot. More robot!!!
the e stands for why not
Quarter-range lol
This is definitely my next phone
Dang Mr. Brownlee you have a cinema robot!!!!!!!
0:57 goddamn that cinematic move looks gooood af
Remember when 5.5 inches was considered big?
0:42


Disney: *copyright noises*
Why on earth a man would buy a pink phone ??
0:57 hold up!!! REWIND THAT!
58
samsung missed a huge opportunity to pack in wallpapers like apple did with disney on the apple watch
Is it better than s9?
I'd say that the "e" stands for "entry". 😀
This phone makes iPhone XR look like a Calculator
But can you swap the back and task button sides to be correct?
I got the s10+ over the e for one reason, battery. I think the e is a great deal.
Flamingo Pink or Vagina Pink?? 🤔🤔🤔
What an intro....😍
How is S10e compared to the iPhone Xs
Subs to PewDiePie and DCFashionCube
“Flagships are like 900,000 dollars”
Budget flagship
Bangladesh 🇧🇩💕
10e is basically Samsung's XR.
PARTIAL PREMIUM
finally , feels like ive been waiting forever
I have the note 9 and I want this phone sooooooooo bad lmaoo
I would call this class of phone secondary flag ship maybe?
Just premium is fine.
But can the phone handle a hammer?
I miss the days where £750 was premium priced
Samsung phones prices are always idiotic when they launch. in 5 months they reduce the cost!
With the $130 free credit and free YouTube Red with pre-order it's not a better deal. But in one month it'll be a better deal.
Video on how to escape the Apple ecosystem?
budget flagship
Looks super tiny in your hands
900,000 $ wow what kind of phone that is?  Hahaha
@1:00 Maybe make it like cars. Super or hyper car.  Premium, super premium, and hyper premium phone?
I want it but my parents aren't going to shell out for it
Just call that price point 2nd tier lol 

$1000+ 1st tier 
<$1000 2nd tier
I want the pixel camera on the S10... I'd buy it at any price ...
Can you just stop mentioning iPhone in almost every video you upload? Just because they pay you doesn't mean you mention there flop products in Android reviews.
Am I crazy or are the S10e side bezels CLEARLY smaller than the Iphone 10S
Samsung Galaxy S10e vs Galaxy Note 9?
Make a video on how to customise your s10
screen on time???
Halfway through the video and I just now figured out what that wallpaper is doing
Entry premium!
i like how when hes mentioning a video in the description he always says its bellow the like button






You're welcome i liked the vid Marques
I just can’t get over the hole punch. Something about it makes me not like this phone.
Why are there no small flagship phones? I want a high-end 5.5" phone with tiny bezels. This phone is still way too big.
iPhone xr is faaaaaaaaaaaaaar better. Hit it if you agree
Damn the quality of those pan ins 😭
Today's video is 1080? :(
y'know these reviews are getting more and more surface level . How's the call quality , how's the cellular data performance ? , how's the bluetooth range ?  how's One UI ? Hows the audio quality through the headphone jack ? How hot does it get under heavy load ? 

These are the stuff i care about in a review . I already know the display and camera are gonna be good ( like every other premium phone in the market ) . I wanna know all the little stuff , like software quirks .
The phone looks like the iphone XR with its bezel... Samsung at it again........ smh
Petition to call it sub-flagship.
That fingerprint gesture had been around since the s8 dude.
My peepee hurt
👍🏾
The power button is tooooooo high.
Sammy killed it this year
To me, these $749 devices like the S10e and iPhone XR are still called "flagship" devices, cause they essentially replace the S9 and iPhone 8 at around the same price point respectively. Then for phones like the S10/S10+ and iPhone XS, they're like a new even higher end model. Maybe "premium flagship"? But anyway, using the S10e, and it's my favourite one out of the lot. Don't care for the ultrasonic fingerprint sensor (which essentially does the same thing as a capacitive one, just cooler tech), and I don't like the curved edges.
e stands for essentials
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
3:58 Nice try. No, it's not true, just because you say so. 5.8" is not a small display, no matter how you spin it.
How do you exactly NEED a display fingerprint reader?
I'd just call it a "midship"
Samsung has to give credit to MKBHD for pushing sales of S10e
Frigate?  Flagboat?  Flagship Lite?
midrange premium? or mini flagship?
Man I didn't even notice the wallpaper + hole punch until half way into the video
The S10e is honestly the most appealing of the three new Samsung flagships to me, everything you need for a significantly less price, I'd say sign me up! However, I'm still very satisfied with my Galaxy S9, so I'll definitely be hanging onto it.
E for Essential ?
Love that flamingo pink color 😍
He didn't talk about the *battery*
Thought I would have an issue with its two cameras but I'm pretty sure I won't miss a Telephoto lens. The fingerprint reader while fast is now kinda old lol. The notifications gesture is a plus though... Wow.

And the different colours!! I'm sold!
the e stands for Essential (coming from a samsung promotor)
Lower flagship... Flagboat?
Samsung Galaxy s10 economy
flagship phone was only 500$ last decade and now they're calling 750$ as budget phone now. :/
I am a big apple fan, but I gotta say that S10e is a better phone than XR
Reverse charging?
This phone is *_smol!_* The phone I'm using right now is the Galaxy J3 (2018), and the s10e is somehow *smaller* than my phone.
e is for essentiel ?  guessing
We need a review for all of those holepunch display wallpapers
Swiping the fingerprint reader to bring down notifications has been in smasung phones since the s8
Marques, I really love this phone and it would mean a lot if you could gift it to me when you stop using it. 🙏🏾
low key i like the s10e the best
why not? because paying for software made by samsung is stupid.


pixel 3 is the only phone worth peoples' money.
Budget flagship should be the new name
can you show us how the Samsung Galaxy S10's images look with Android Google Camera APK
The level of quality video just keeps getting better & better
but is the lower specs and smaller screen worth it? or should i splurge and get the s10+?
Upgraded from my old S7 to an S10+ and I'm in love with it so far. 
Samsung UI is become less and less painful with each iteration and seems less intrusive than ever. 
The cameras and image quality are great and the screen is nothing short of incredible. 
It's my first 'big' phone so I'm happy to spend the extra $$$. Great review as always
*That's it Im switching*
I love the size of that phone, too bad I'm stuck with my pixel 3 xl for now.
$600-$800 phones should be called PREMIUM LITE?
Why the heck would you even get the S10 instead of this lol.
I don't know why but the S10e gives me S7 vibes. It's like the S7 and S10 combined.
Simple and sweet goodshit
Wireless charging or...? I know it’s boring to read out a spec sheet, but something that simple that is being seen as a budget device is kind of obligatory for a review.
Any thoughts on the new Nokia 9 pureview?
It's called budget flagship!
The "e" stands for essential
$900,000 .....hhhmmmm
I've always thought that mid range was 250-450, I considered OnePlus pricing, the 450-650 ish kinda a premium mid range so like 750 for premium seems wrong to me. Something like mid range flagship? Idk
Man these wallpapers on the 10 and the 10+ are so cool I want the phone just to have them 😍
Honestly sometimes I watch your videos just for the intro music
midrange+
midrange s
midrange T
midrange plus
note midrange
Kira shots 💥💥
why not just get the note 9 for the price ?
I think the S10e  rocks!!
Would be nice with Android One.
CR7 of tech YouTubers!!!
Samsung is selling it 100euros cheaper than iPhone Xr here in EU! they are ripping you off in the US :P
No one gonna talk about the sick as shot at 01:00?
I see baymax I click
Premium Midrange sounds good
Hey 8 iPhone fans watched this video.
It's budget flagship (blagship)
Is this a better deal than a one plus tho?
That Baymax wallpaper 👌
0:58 wow !
"Flagships are $900... thousand dollars"
its higher midrange
Early gang
just got this phone for my mother, super impressed with the entire package for $750!
I wish I had a good phone. I have a galaxy j7. The 10e would be perfect lel
0:58 you’re welcome
🔥 Adding Baymax to cover the camera was the smartest and most slick thing I've ever seen 🔥
0:58 - 1:02 I replayed that sooo many times. Someone should make a GIF out of it!
I think the "e" stands for "eco" as in "economic" as it is a cheaper more economic, eco-friendly model.
cool video
This phone is just sooo pretty. Really like the white version. For me, it is still very expensive, so I'll stay with my S7, but man... That's almost perfect in my eyes
Seriously considering upgrading from Note 8 to S10e after watching this video.
I just bought a S9+ for $699..
I would have go go with midrange premium. And also, I would love that option of doing the pull down on every phone. Like have the bixby button do that!
The feature where you can swipe down on the fingerprint reader is already a thing on the oneplus 5t (probably on other models too) and I love it :D
I only got the S10 plus for three reasons:
1. Bigger battery
2. Prism green
3. Free galaxy buds + screen care card (both cost almost $345)
All of them for $960
I’ve got it boys, “Semi-flagship”
I feel like this is the best one to get, even if it lacking a FEW features. Solid infinity display (even if it's not 1440), 6/8 gigs of ram, PLENTY of storage, solid battery life, great cameras, reverse wireless charging, headphone jack, 
and, it's $150 cheaper than the regular S10.
E for Everyone
Marques can u pls give link to download dat wallpaper u have on ur s10e
I don't *need* any of the S10 features, but.. I will buy it regardless.
Damn, 900000 dollars for a phone, craaazy
A Productivity focus pc rarely demands 16gb of RAM let alone a smartphone, im not one for complimenting facebook but their optimization team it's not that bad, guys
"Flagships are now $900,000"
I love the look of the S10e, would i pay 750 for just an android experience? no probably not. I would and i have done for iphone. but... S10e + Microsoft Launcher would be a contender
The price range should be called the "value" price range
I would have gotten this one instead of my S10 but I got free Galaxy Buds w/ that one...
the baymax wallpaper is so clever man
Love the wallpaper
An an "Eco-premium" phone.
What about blagship???
Maybe we could use this scale for pricing?
~$250 - Low end
~$500 - Mid range
~$750 - High end
~$900+ - Flagship
you got one of those camera, you  featured 2 years ago. those flying shots at 00:58 around the phone wear too clean. Good Stuff
That's a bit of a stretch from a "natural resting position" for me. I generally don't put my thumb at the top of my phone, I use it to tap things on the screen towards the bottom.
Bruh the wallpaper XD
S10e exist in orange ?
"Entry Premium"?
3:47 OnePlus thing over there
How about calling them "don't wanna sell my kidneys -flagships"
The i thing that puts links in is broken or smthn
Apple: hmm did he say $900’000 is ok for a flagship?
MrBeast + MKBHD = Day made
Subflagship?)
0:57 - 1:01
Oooooh that KIA in action. Sleek.
apple take notes
Yo  margues can you hook me up with one 😀
I'd call this price range an "Entry Level Flagship Phone". Also, got chills when the robotic arm camera movements cued. Production level keeps skyrocketing.
I would call it ex-flagship
Saw the phone at a local retail shop, man this new Samsung are fucking gorgeous. Seriously I’m switching. Just the feeling alone and that display? I was jaw dropped yesterday.
see I’m the type of person who updates there phone every 4 years so having the s10 makes it feel a little less dated in 4 years then if I had the 10e
Why not? Because its only available in exynos configuration in my region
$750 Phone budget.... Flagboat devices!
Perfectos!
What if ur left handed tho?
Take away from this video? Marques is buying new budget blinds and has a dhl delivery... 😁
It is not worth the extra $150 for s9
That wallpaper is genius!!!
"so the big three are" yet says 4 things HmMmMm
The 'e' stands for excelsior ☺️
Let's face marquis. You only like iPhones right?  E stands for economy.
I call it Quad Range
Poor OnePlus, the E will be so heavily discounted by the time their phone launches that it will for sure affect their sales drastically 😱
Jesus appeared to me and radically changed my life
flagships are 900 000$... yeah pretty much :D
How about Midrange flagship?
E stands for economic
All you have to do is move that wallpaper a smidge to the right, then the eye is perfectly over the holepunch
That robotic shot at 0:57 is 🔥🔥🔥
Video Quality just keeps getting better with every video. Keep it up man
Why can't they make the chin as thin as the side bezels? Maybe so that have something "new" to "innovate" in next few years?
"mid-ship"
About 6GB of ram. My Oneplus 3 still runs smooth after 2,5 years with 6 GB ram.
Apple is relieved that he didn't compare it to the iPhone XS because the XS would have no chance :D
In Italy it costs 110 euros less than the XR
The "e" stands for efficient...lol
Diet Flagship?
That intro title is so, not MKBHD, at all.
I use the gesture on my S9 fingerprint and I love it on the back because it feels natural in either hand
0:44 the name of the robot in the wallpaper is BAYMAX from the movie BIG HERO 6.
Wait.... Does it have a heart rate sensor?
Everyone stfu
Just had a software update n idk what it updated...n HOW DO I SCREEN SHOT ON THIS PHONE   gosh I feel old ..I have  a s10
S10 *_E_*
AH! The Apple ecosystem trapped me. Getting the XR instead ;-;
Just think of it as gas, 

Regular Phones
Midgrade Phones
Premium Phones.
Can I meet you
Sushi!
"The big three are..."

**lists 4 things**
Midrange Plus.
I swapped my s9+ for the s10e and couldn't be happier. Much lighter, better camera, better speakers, better battery life. The smaller size and flat screen makes it much easier to use with one hand. I never used the telephoto lens on the s9+ but I've used the ultrawide camera a bunch. I plan to keep this one awhile.
Galaxy S10entry level
My goodness, that robotic arm 😎
e=economy
Can you do a note 9 vs s10e
E stands for "elite" ..
Midrage pro
1:14 "flagships are $900,000" w8 waaat
1:15 Didn't know the price went that high
Galaxy tiny lmaolmao see what i did there
Not as fluid as iPhone and the os never gets updated fast enough
Flagships definitely are $900,000
Still going with the S10
Of course not.
The S9 does the same thing where a swipe on the fingerprint sensor pulls down the notification bar. I find it extremely useful on the S9 plus.
Here before 100k
1:21 my name suggestion for this new category is: 

*Budget Flagship* 

you're welcome (^^)
It's the Samsung S10eaiseronthewallet
Someone send me money
I'll wait for the S11. I don't see a difference
Samsung phones have always had a deal-breaker for me: either the software or nuisances like the Bixby button or bad placement of the fingerprint sensor. But they FINALLY made a great all-around phone, and I'm talking about the E model in particular. It's like everything is well-thought-out about it, from the non-gimmicky fingerprint sensor to the UI which gives me a far more pleasant feel. It's like Samsung finally LISTENED and opened up (still relatively) to things that simply make their phones better and the customers happier.
Give it to me.
i love the baymax background making the camera his eye
That robot arm shot at 0:58 was epic!!!
Marques is an Apple shill... he hates Samsung
I always watch my videos on default view, but MKBHD gets the full screen. Quality unmatched
Entry-level premium
Nice.. Why Not ?
4:35 Are you blind ? Side bezels on the iPhone are huge ...
that camera robot thing amazes me every time
Does it support Dex?
Lol damn it, I just ordered the S10+
The e stands for essential. They say so in the "Introducing Galaxy Tab s5e video.
Remember when premium midrange phones used to cost £300? 😂
I've never really been a fan of Samsung myself. They use awesome hardware and awesome materials, but the software side if things is so anti Android that it hurts! Locked bootloaders, little to no customizability, and an overly aggressive skin over Android that you're just stuck with. Hardware: A+++ Software? Well.... It's subjective I suppose, but for me? BLAH!
Sadly, being a left-handed person, this phone is instantly off my radar.
Do you had any problems with the power button ? Heard a lot of people saying, that the quality of it ,is quite cheap🤔
The display is my only gripe with this phone
Is this video only on 1080p? Or my youtube app its wrong
Great vid man. Love the mouth gesture you do every time, before you say 'Peace'.
S9 a better deal
Definitely a better deal.
Does galaxy s10e have edge screen?
Love the s10e but I have to be fair here. When the Xr display spec was announced you could get a galaxy s9 with a 1440p display for around $729 at launch or much cheaper by the time the Xr came out. I'm not saying 1080p is bad, and it actually might be better for battery life, but Samsung did kind of low ball the consumer with the s10e. Just a little.
E is for Enterprise Those of us with work phones not iPhones are mostly Galaxy S8's and this will be the next one.
I love how you logo blend into the red plain stuff on the wall
Bonus reason to get the bigger model:

Longevity: 12 gigs of RAM will last longer than 8 if you don't plan on upgrade for longer than 2 years
Who else is as confused as I am about these Betway ads?
Why not? Because it’s samsung
1:56 flat earth
Because i don't have the money
I wish the 10E screen was a little bit bigger
buying the phone lmao
It's a budget flagship.
This makes the iPhone XR look like 2 year old trash
That was a JUICY intro
I detest that chin...
I swear I heard him say. "The flagships are like 900THOUSAND DOLLARS" 😂😂
I can slide down on my note 9s fingerprint scanner to pull down the notification shade
the robot camera was used very well to show the camera, finger print reader, new display and price...nice vid
Your videos are so cool man! On point ☝🏻
"Flagships costs about 900 thousands of dollars" oh it's this a Boat channel now?
0:17 SAMSUNG said *e* stands for *essential* because it has all the essential things
Does anyone know what launcher is being used in the video? Thanks in advance!
Samsung killed it this year
That 3 move camera movement hehe slick! Those robotic arms are super cool! @mkbhd I know it's super late, but I sooo wished you had done a review of the Motorola game pad Moto mod... I would have loved it. :(
Still on my S7 Edge
when the galaxy note was first released it was such a huge display
That gesture with the power button/ touch Id is also on Pixel 2/3
This seems like the best Samsung phone in a long time !
Yo compre el s10 plus en flamengo pink ; pensaba que era color naranja ; le pondre un case transparente tipo araña con venas eso creo .
Another quality video from Marques, and with the robot cameraman
For less than 500 $ or € it's will be the better phone (mid game) like view 20
that camera action
But that chin tho... That goddamn chin tho
Perfect review and extremely logical, thank you ...
the camera workkkkkk 0:57
3:17 s8+ has that
Okay, but is the s10e better than the oneplus 6t?
Next level play.
Am I the only one who heard him say "The flagships are like 900 thousand dollars.
I hope the next note has a flat screen. The infinity display is annoying for writing
I really want the fingerprint reader setup on this s10e for my regular s10.  The sonic fingerprint reader is pretty crap IMO.  Slow, hard to get on the first try, and of course you have no tactile feedback for your finger location so its very easy to miss.  And you MUST be dead on for it to register.
Why didn't you talk about the Battery?
It's 3100
There's a homescreen setting that allows you to swipe down anywhere to acces the control panel. been a thing for years btw
Can you show  us dude perfects cameras and editing studio
I would like to but my girlfriend (she’s African American) said she would break up with me if I made the switch to Samsung. She doesn’t like Koreans due to how they treat black women in hair care shops go figure :(
got to say... I love all those wallpapers that hide the hole :D
At 750$/€ definetily a flagship price.
E
Even if I was so tied up in apple ecosystem I would not get the XR. I already own a LCD iPhone. It would take an oled to make me buy another one. I'm tired of this low res screens
That wallpaper really makes it look like the hole punch isn't there lmao
Galaxy S10efficient
It ain't a review without markass brownlee
Edit: Almost forgot to capitalize Markass Brownlee*
But can it make phone calls?
Still prefer my iPhone XR product RED 😜
And you keep making better videos every single time you upload! 😊
Oh wow people are already here. Hi Marques
looks way to much like the iphone xr to my liking, but anyways, brilliant video quality as always :)
You can pull down anywhere on the home screen to bring down the notifications tray regardless
Oh boy that is gonna burn in
Badddd
I actually like the s10e more than its big brothers (not because of the price difference).
Samsung revealed today in Brazil at S10 keynote that the "e" stands for "essencial" (in Portuguese) or "essential" (in English).
Upper middle class phones
I’ve held it in a store, I love it’s compact size!
Video quality is on point!! You must be filming with the Mate 20 Pro.
(1:15) $900,000 is a lot for a flagship 😂
That'll my next device 👍🏻
Looks like someone has their hands on one of those camera robots ;)
You should have titled it "_E_hh, why not?"
Here's my opinion on smartphone pricing.
- <$399 Budget
- $400-$599 Mid-Range
- $600-$799 Premium
- $800+ Ultra Premium


Considering that the iPhone XR and Galaxy S10e still retain stuff considered, "premium," like an IP rating and wireless charging, I think they can still be considered premium. "Ultra-Premium" devices like the iPhone XS and Galaxy S10 come with extra stuff that makes the experience a little better, like screen improvements and an extra camera or two.
I love the s10e. At first I was thinking the size would be a problem coming from the pixel but it isn't. This phone is fast and the display is crisp 👌
lulwut - why the cast iron skillet?
I bought an iPhone XS last year because I wanted a sub 6 inch flat screen. Samsung???!!! SMH
The Kendrick Lamar "be humble" shot though. Sick
<.< big 3 so big its 4
Am I the only one who thinks it looks like shit?
I see you use Relay for Reddit. Definitely the best app  for reddit browsing out there.
they might have made this phone a little too good honestly
The "E" stands for "Essential". I think they state it during the keynote.
I think budget or cheap flagship is a better name
can you review and compare the A50?
Samsung s10 economy no thanks I'll just keep my s8
It's E for Eletric hur dur
Was ther a shot using your KIRA cinema robot in there?
You're the best in making reviews!
Man these wallpapers are creative as fuck
Samsung? Software update? lol
what shots man, amazing
900 thousand $ and not a flagship shit
I fail to understand how this is a midrange.
I know as per you it could be because you are earning way more than average people. I admire your work but please do not promote phone price growth by tagging a high end price as a midrange.
You are trying to justify increasing phone price.
Rule number 1 in football : Never doubt CR7
Second rule : Don't forget the first rule😍
Lol, premium midrange, kinda like an extra medium tee.  Looks like a solid option though if someone's wallet isn't ready for that $1K+ smartphone mark.  This looks like a solid phone at that $750 price point.
probs, the phone I still can't afford
The s10e and the iPhone XR are the same high end phones we've had but now the flagships should be called. Luxury phones
Funny to say it's a good value for $750 but with today's competition it just is 😃 Really nice handset
I just wanna say that we really appreciate all the work that you put into your videos to give us the highest possible quality content!
Mybe jerryrigeverything will switch from his s8, haha
MKBHD uploads video on the Galaxy S10e...


*And that's when the Boeing 737 Max 8 was grounded*
1:14
"Like, the flagships are like, 900 thousand dollars"
Marques Brownlee, 2019
Remember when $750 used to be a flagship's phone price tag




Pepperidge farm remembers
Hi I am Baymax
That robotic video shot was sickkk
Going to be getting the S10e in a few months, it may not be the best phone out right now but it's far better than the iPhone 6 I've had for 3 years lmao
Before 10k
Video Quality is getting better and better 1:02
I mean I like it, but I think I’d still take the XR. It’s about the apps for me. Oh and iMessage.
Better deal.
Forgot to mention the heart rate sensor is removed on the s10e vs the s10 and s10+
Love when you say "right below the like button". Gets me every time
Samsung has best screen and UI its a fact
This size phone is sooo good.
I love this guy
$900,000
Midrange premium? Premium Midrange? Premidium?
Anyone else here 900,000
tHAT bEAT iNTRO Is sTRONG
nOw LeTs nAMe ThE BIg 3
**NAMES 4**

Edit: Wow, thanks for 100 likes!
e stands for essentials
S10e
Aww soo cute!!! will you be a S10 if you bigger?
:DDDDD
"3/4 premium"
Anyone else watching this on a S9+?
I'm your 1k like I see 999 like and I make 1000
1:15 "The flagships are like $900,000"
premium midrange... midrange premium... hmmm... "mid-ium"? 😂
In the UK, S10e is £670 and the XR is £749. S10 and S10+ are also cheaper than their iPhone counterparts.
Theeeese wallpapers please make a video on them
Because I already got the S10+. That's why not.
Remember me?
The 0:57 gave me a goose bumps! That robot camera, with those angles.
Boring Samsung, I would rather get pixel
Can Hindu's afford the S10!?
Find out next time, on the Mark-ass Brownlee show!
not first comment
Please *direct* the next YT *rewind!*
as a big hero 6 fan and an MKBHD fan, when i saw the thumbnail i couldn't have clicked faster.
Nice job young man. 😁😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀
I would prefer S10E over S10 or S10 plus Because of how compact it is! Wish they continue this kind of flagship phones every year !
Here before 10 views xD
That’s a nice phone btw
That wallpaper tho
Love your videos
Nothing beats a jailbroken iPhone
GIVEAWAY plsssss shout out😀
Midship?
Those wallpapers are killing me! Great upload as usual MKBHD!
Under 10k!
Watching this on my iPhone XR


Do I regret my decision?





I’m not sure
Cool intro !!
Not first
You can bring down the notification tray on any Pixel finger print reader too.
Damn, that sushi at 1:59!!!!
Here before 1 mil views
My ex was in between mid range and premium so why not Miriam range phones?
They always say, camera software will improve over time. Is that true? Did it ever happen? Like a big change?
$750 and not a good battery?! I'll wait for the OnePlus 7 I guess...
yo im an iphone fan boy and tbh this phone looks great and has great features and it looks nice i really like the design
Did you make your old hoodie into that couch pillow
e for essential
Anyone got reminded of that shot from Kendrick Lamar - Humble at 0:57
You can drop down the top menu with the fingerprint on OnePlus devices with rear fingerprint sensors too!
I'm early today.
👍🏻👍🏻🔥👌🏻👌🏻
O Pocophone veio com tela IPS, corpo em plástico e todos chamam de top de linha. O S10e tem tela Dinamic Amoled, acabamento Premium e estão chamando de intermediário kkkk É difícil entender as pessoas
Wow this was so great and high quality, great job🖒
S10 E = ENOUGH????
$750 dollars for the lowest spec phone out of the line-up. We'll call that a no-no.
I absolutely love that wallpaper.
So if this is a mid-range premium what does that make the 6t? since its price is lower.
Respect from Jamaica!
The e stands for entry
clicked on this video faster than the S10e's fingerprint scanner. *This is the best side-kick/flag ship entry level phone on the market.*
e stands for economic? 🤔
May upgrade to it when it's at like 500€
0:57 so sick 🔥so that's the 8scs that u've talked about 😍
Yes! I've been waiting for marques to review this!
I watch your videos in 2k on my galaxy note 4 just so you know 😁
Baymax is always watching 😅
Aye
Watching on my iPhone XR 😭
5,328th
If MrBeast is doing another battle royale, please participate.
That wallpaper though😍😍
Let's call it upper midrange... sorta like upper middle class
any one watching from sudan?😅
Flagships are like nine hundred..thousand dollars.
0:58 Kendrick shenanigans :D
id still say that 750 is flagship price
first
The notification slide with the fingerprint reader has been around since the original pixel. My favorite feature, too
Sweeeeeeettt
I know I'm not the only one watching this video on their S10e
Really really like the S10e and Xr. Hope to continue to see phones like these. Great values for the average user.
e stands for eat. Like eat an Apple.
That wallpaper. 10/10
I love the intro 💥💥
Why hello there Baymax
My why not is purely the design. There is no infinity display.
That wall paper is dope
Iphone XR .. Samsung Edition
This wallpaper is BRILLIANT
It's more like entry flagship or lite flagship
Wall-E and Baymax already has the cutout. What other Disney/Pixar characters would look cool with it?
How about naming them Sub-Flagships?
*Giveaway please*  😭😭. .. 
*And choose me* 😭
e for "effecient"?
LOW PREMIUM is the best name
E = ESSENTIAL Marques, essential!
Samsung did what Apple failed to do
Nice camera moves at 0:58, videos are improving every time! Nicely done!
I gotchu on the phone tiers Marques.
Budget ($0—$399)
Mid-range ($400—$649)
Premium ($650—$899)
Flagship ($900+)

Play around with the numbers a touch, otherwise I think it works.
Am I the only one who peeped what the 'k' stands for at the beginning of the video?
eyyy
Samsung S10e - interesting name choice by Samsung. I also still don’t know what the e stands for. $750 isn’t budget by any means. Camera 📸 is dope nonetheless. Keep the inspiration coming MKBHD. Small YouTubers need the motivation for sure.
2AM... Love from Kenya, Africa 💯💯
The “e” stands for “essential” because it has the important features for day-to-day usage.
Because its a Samshit thats why not.
E  stands for Essential....Maybe!! Excellent video Men!!! Greetings from Ecuador!!
1:00 Dat wallpaper hides holepunch soo well. INCREDIBLE!
The big three differences is the camera, the fingerprint reader, the display, and the price.............................................................. Yup yeah that is right.
Better than the 10R
Background is amazing haha
The S10E looks so small!
Just call it a flagship. Let's face it, it's still expensive.
that baymax wallpaper is probably one of the best wallpapers ever
00:57 *DOP* ..!:-)
The e might be for economy?
That wallpaper though ☆☆ !!
What did you go to school for
That wallpaper though
I think the e stands for essentials. I think they mentioned it when they announced it saying it has the ‘essentials’.
Too fucking expensive
top notch quality review
Camera, Fingerprint Sensor, an the Price...damn editig, much wow
Only 9 views so far
500,000 times better than iPhone XR
Nigga
Props to Samsung for not cheaping out on the display like the iPhone XR
FIRST MINUTE COMMENT!


Why do I care?  Well, let me ask you this question:






Why not?
1:05 is dope!
*_m a r k a s s  b r o w n i e_*
God I want this.

I have an S8, and I really do prefer the flat screen of the S10e. 

Also miss the fingerprint reader on the side from my old Sony Xperia z5 premium. Need to wait until the end of the year though (when contract ends)
awesome
I know this s10e is better stats wise but I’m happy with my xr I love apple.
*WHO ELSE IS THE EARLY NOTIF SQUAD??!* 😂😂😂







Btw I make awesome gaming experiences, I hope to make it to 600 by the end of March 🙏 😎
Coming from an iphone 5s, this thing is amazing. I love mine.
We Need a Galaxy Buds Review.
Every like I add a “c”:

C
Been waiting so look long for this video.
damn that wallpaper hella cute
The S10e was surprisingly good! I tested it out for a review on my channel and I actually really liked it and ended up keeping it. My first galaxy since the S4 lol. And $749 isn’t a bad price at all for the features you get.
The "e" on the Tab S5e officially stands for "essential" and I'm pretty sure thats the same on the S10e.
I’ve had iPhones since they came out. Finally decided to switch to Android.  S10 + is it.  Going to get in next few weeks.  One concern though, I’ve been wanting an iWatch. Are there equivalents as good for Android? Anyone have any recommendations?
I'm not sure if it's only me but I've never heard of a $900,000 phone 1:14
I'm too late as usual
I’m thinking about getting the s10e, I’m gonna be switching from a iPhone 7
Are you doing a galaxy buds video.
Does it support GearVR tho? It doesn't have the 2k panel which is required for GearVR as far as we know...
Very Fake
Literally one minute ago I was thinking: I wish Marques would do a Galaxy S10e review
Robo camera shot @ 0:57  AWESOME
S10e- like
IPhone XR- comment
Early😇
here before 2000 views
Premium Lite?
The XR an S10e are CHEAP FLAGSHIPS class
That Baymax wallpaper is cute as FUCK
That bay max wall paper tho 👍🏾
Just as i was thinking.
He is late with an upload.

Alas
Cant take my eyes of the MK Pillow back there 😎
It's 4:15am in India....Still watchin yo video...🤗🤗
Galaxy s10e....ccentric
That shot at 0:58 😳🙌🏼
I’m going to need you post that big hero 6 wall paper stat.
Edit : found it in the description, there should be a hole punch wall paper store
I am baymax, your personal healthcare 
Edit: companion*
Just in time Marques, I was waiting for this 👍🏽
Have you used goole’s G-cam on S10
20 views but 352 likes 😂
That robot cam 🔥🔥
Wow!! First of the few haha awesome! Gotta say I've been a fan for super long... You've gone so far, I admire that. Greetings Marques!
0:58 That was smooth
You said big three, and the proceeded to say 4 things
A lot more enticing than the XR
Upper Middle Range
I'm guessing the "e" stands for: "Samsung Galaxy S10exactly what you need"


Also, that "So the big three are..." (0:57) use of the cinema robot was AMAZINGGGG
❤️❤️
*insert relatable comment about youtube's views-to-like ratio seconds after the video is uploaded here*
BEST QUALITY VIDEOS ON YOUTUBE PERIOD.
Watching this vlog with my lovely s4. Hoping to update it sooner.
Tadashi, is here.
You need to get on the next mrbeast br lmao
wassup
9 Views and 186 Likes ? 
Love from India 🇮🇳
S10e best phone to buy 🔥
Those cushions 👀
Hey mkbhd... Which one is better S10 or s10e? I mean value for the big money we spent? 
Thanks in advance
Because it's cheaper ?
19 views
112 comments?
21st
who else is watching on the s10e??
Haha, lovin’ all the wallpapers on these phones 😂😂👌.
Nice intro🔥🔥
336 likes, 20 views. Gotta love YouTube.
Samsung S10 Economic
Is it Better than the one plus.
Hello from Mexico City with a One Plus 6t and loving it
i ll stick with apple for the moment
317th!
It's 4am here in India and I'm searching for my earphones.
That thumbnail really *Nailed* the camera position.
Nice
why yes? what was claimed without evidence can be dismissed without evidence
The wallpaper is soooooo clever 😎
The e stands for essential. Officially
I think you're definitely a pro at shooting videos. An answer to your instagram story😂
*This video is going to reach 5M views within 2 weeks!*
First 20 views!
Nice! Looked forward to it since your super fast unlocking of the phone video
E stands for me
Hi
I love these new 2019 smartphones so far, they're all so sexy!
Great video once again😩🙌🏾💯
115 likes. 9 views. YouTube's drunk. As drunk as when I drank 2 gallons of wine on new years Eve

Edit: okay. That was fast. YouTube's not drunk anymore. That took 2 minutes. Humans take at least 30-60 mins to shake off the drunkness
Whoop top 10!!!!
20 likes 342 views lol
1080p 😩
The s10e is a very good bang for your buck. I love the wallpapers you tweeted out for the s10+ though.
no need this at this moment S10e sucks
That wallpaper is absolutely genius
00h46 in South Africa.
359
e stabds for emo
Hello Marques! Is S10E better than XR?
I love my s10e best choice ever
Still too expensive, can anyone recommend a phone for under $500
Pink??? Suprising u did not get the mkbhd usual black lol
E
I love the holepunches for one sole reason, the backgrounds
Nice backgrounds
They say they read the comments but they never read (my) comments
I feel as lonely as a phone with a headphone jack in 2019
Hey man that broll 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
iOS all the way
E=eco ? 🤔
Word
Rip Xr
First
WHAT DOES MKBHD REALLY STAND FOR?
Because overprice
136th
19 views, 251 likes....
Awesome👏✊👍👍😎👍😎
My school nurse already has the s10+ 🤔
Top 💯 gang here
Crisp
I'm here so early I deserve 100 likes
Hey I want this phone so bad
I look up to you 
Keep it up
Yoooo 🤙🤙
The quality
Love the content bro
Nice👍👍👍
The level of quality video just keeps getting better & better
1st 😎
There should never be a thumbs-down on the great Marques Brownlee's videos!
Live from China 6:47am
Totally First
I wasn't sure about pink when I saw a photo... But wow, that looks good!
4:16 am but it's MKBHD why not?
Marquest S10WS
IPhone Xr has left the chat..
Lobe the vids
early bird catches the worm
Please like or reply to this Marques Brownlee
I think this color might be one of my favorite one what about you ?
Love your videos
Hi love the review
Yes
Das hot
Actually this video will decide if I buy phone or not
Great review as always
Awesomeee
Its Baymax!
No use if you are first or last
This wallpapers are next level
Alright, S10e or Xr, tell me.
I like your holepunch creativity
Saucy intro bro...
S10e💯👌🏾
YO THAT PHONE IS FIREEEEE!!!FOR THE PRICE ITS STILL WORTH IT
From india fans hit like
Yo
First
Nice
That thumbnail is the best photo of 2019
E
because display is 1080p
Goddammit I can never be the first comment
Number 6
1?
Fortnite and Markass Brownie
“Why?”

“Why not?”


“You make a good point.”
Does he even read the comments?
Like this plz
Why not?
Why not review the upcoming 4k oled Sony phone?
S10 Wee
Twitter squad??
First comment
Early, damn
1st comment is a prick
10 times better than iPhone XR
the twitter thread for the wallpapers was incredible!
why not notch?
Wow
Subscribe to my channel please. Your support will be really appreciated
I was waiting for that video
Not first!
Love you're reviews
Hello
First
Not first
Hello
Notification squad!!!
S10e >>>iphone XR
Yep 👍🏼
Best S10 background yet
First
S10e is the move 🔥🔥
Notif Squad
Notification squad
Notification squad where u at
first
Hi! You make awesome reviews:)
Loved the wallpaper!!!
Primero
Second lol
Good
Amazing shots
Apple is furiously taking notes
1st 😁😁😁😁😁😁😉😉😉😉😉😉😉
Hi
First like and view!
Sweet
First
Sweet I'm first
First
Amazing
The intro melted me. Oh yes.
